THE DEAD SEA. 253

producing no signs of vegetable life, except a
low stunted shrub with pale ash-coloured leaves
and grey blossoms—a sapless, scentless, widow-
ed-looking thing, which, even in that wilder-
ness, held out no temptation to the hand to
stretch forth and gather it. The blue waters of
the lake rolled heavily as molten lead upon the
shore, and left there a creamy foam, which I
tasted, and found to be intolerably nauseous; it
it is not honestly bitter, nor salt, but has a
sulphureous, acid ﬂavour that carries with it an
idea of foulness—the moral foulness of the
guilty cities that lie entombed beneath its waves !
There is, however, great beauty and grandeur in
the scene; and if the mind is awe-struck by the
recollections of guilt and punishment it calls
forth, and recognizes in the desolate and lifeless
aspect of all around the terrible traces of the
Divine anathema, it is no less impressed with won-
der at the constancy and courage evinced by the
Children of Israel, who, under the guidance of
Moses, obtained in this dreary region their ﬁrst
glimpse of the Land of Promise; and, unpro-
mz'sz'ng as the appearance must have been, when
compared with their recollections of the fertile
valley of Egypt, and of the land of Goshen, still

had the resolution to advance! For behind those

