LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE. 57

and arithmetic, and heard them read the Scrip-
tures (probably better than he could do himself)
—-—attainments, but a short time ago, unheard
of for females in Egypt. Besides, the perfect
liberty of conscience which Mr. Lieder leaves to
the little ﬂocks entrusted to his care, cannot but
obtain for him the suﬁfrages and conﬁdence of all
parties. He abstains from any undue efforts at
conversion, but sows the good seed in the genial
and healthful soil of young and tender minds,
and leaves it there to germ, and perhaps to pro-
duce in due season, “ grain ripe for the harvest.”
Let us hope so at least ! Faith so ardent and so
pure—learning so well applied as his, merit re-
sults no less important; and those who have had
opportunities of witnessing the work of Christian
charity and love to which this truly inestimable
pair have devoted themselves, and of understand-
ing the difﬁculties they have had to contend with
before they could carry it into execution, cannot
but put up a prayer, however weak or wavering
their own religious feelings may previously have
been, for the prosperity of an undertaking so
praiseworthy, so disinterested, and so truly philan-
thropic and unfettered in spirit.

After this most interesting examination was

over, I was detained for some time in Mrs.

