TRAVELLERS’ STORIES. 21

men to upset the light crew, and surprise the
fair ones with a cold bath—a piece of malice
which affords him as much unqualiﬁed delight,
as if he were still in his schoolboy days. A ﬁne
arcade runs all round the reservoir, open to-
wards the water, and embellished at the other
side with elegant Arabesque gratings, through
which are to be seen and inhaled the odorife-
rous ﬂowers and shrubs thatﬁ cluster in the
garden beyond. “rhen the gas—lamps are
lighted, the fountains playing, and the Viceroy
and his hareem assembled there in a bright
starlight evening, the kiosk of Shoubra presents
a coup d’aaz'l worthy of the Arabian Nights’ En-
tertainments. But no Christian has ever wit-
nessed such an assemblage; and you must dis-
trust the assertions of those travellers who
have written of hearing the silvery laugh, and
distinguishing the graceful forms of unveiled
Odalisques among the orange-trees of Shoubra.
All this sounds very pretty and poetical, and
reads very well, but the sober matter-of-fact
truth is, that whenever the Viceroy’s ladies take
the air in the gardens, the gates are her-
metically sealed against all the world, and
eunuchs are posted at the different outlets, to
prevent the possibility of a straggling stranger

