TIBERIAS. 321

side under the ruins of his house. \Vhen they
were extricated, his wife and two eldest children
were corpses; the youngest, an infant of a year
old, escaped without injury save to its eyes,
which have never yet recovered the mischief in-
flicted by the dust and rubbish ; his own leg and
thigh were crushed to atoms, and he will go
limping to the grave in consequence. “7 hen he
recovered, he consoled himself after the fashion
of his people, by marrying his wife’s younger
sister, a very pretty Jewess from Tripoli. \V e
saw her assisting in the household affairs, with
her eyes and face painted like Jezebel, and ap-
parently carrying all the riches of the family
upon her person, which displayed a profusion
of the gold and silver ornaments, and the ele-
gant and expensive costume, peculiar to the
Levantine Jewesses.

Tiberias, or, as it is called in this country,
Tabareeah, one of the holy cities of the Jews,
is beautifully situated on the margin of the Sea
of Galilee, near its southern extremity, the cou-
tinuation of the mountains of Moab forming the
opposite outline. The large sheet of water, which
is indiscriminately known by the names of the
Lake of Genesareth, the Lake of Tiberias, and the

Sea of Galilee, is about twelve miles long, and half
VOL. II. y

