FULFILMENT OF PROPHECY. 165

ander the Great, for the purpose of easier access
to Insular Tyre, during his siege of that place;
but since that time an accumulation of sand has
completely converted it into a peninsula. The
existing town is miserable, and the only remark-
able monument it contains are the ruins of a ﬁne
church of the early Christian era.

Scarcely any remains of Continental Tyre exist,
except some parts of a grand aqueduct, which sup-
plied the city with water from the cisterns con-
structed by Solomon, in acknowledgment of the
assistance he had received from Hiram, King of
Tyre, in building the Temple of Jerusalem, as set
forth in the 5th chapter of the ﬁrst Book of Kings.
But the plain in which it stood appears admirably
adapted for the site of a great city, and resembles
that in which Thebes was situated. How impres-
sively does its actual desolation bear out the words
of prophecy concerning it !

“ Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of
ancient days? ”*

“ I will make thee a terror, and thou shalt be
no more: though thou be sought for, yet shalt
thou never be found again, saith the Lord God.T”

To relieve the great tedium of thus slowly

“"‘ Isaiah, xxiii. 7. 1' Ezekiel, xxvi. 21.

