214 VALLEY or JEHOSAPHAT.

world to die in Jerusalem merely that they may
be buried there!) It is also, strange to say,
the locality chosen both by the Jews and the
Moslems for the awful scene of the Resurrection
and ﬁnal Judgment; and while the former assign
to the Messiah, upon that dread day, a position
upon the Mount of Olives, frOm whence he may
behold the torrent of souls rolling onward past
his feet into the fathomless gulph of Eternity,
and select from it those that are worthy of sal-
vation,-—the latter place their Prophet, for the
same purpose, upon the boundary wall of the
Temple overlooking the Valley of J ehosaphat.

In this wall is a large gateway, hermetically
closed, and never suffered to be opened, because
the Mahometans believe that when the Chris-
tians take Jerusalem from them, they will effect
their entry by that way. It is called the Golden
Gate, and tradition points it out as being the
spot by which Jesus entered triumphantly into
Jerusalem, on the day when the multitude went
before him strewing palm-branches on the way
and shouting “Hosanna to the Son of David!”

\Vhen we had remained long enough to im-
press every feature of this interesting landscape
upon our memories, we continued the ascent of
the Mount of Olives until we reached the ex-

