THE PLACE or WAILING. 237

tiers of the southern wall are decidedly not
Saracenic; and the Jews of Jerusalem conﬁdently
believe them to have formed part of their an-
cient and beloved sanctuary. So strong is this
conviction in their minds, that every Friday
afternoon (the eve of their Sabbath) they repair
thither to weep and lament over the fall of the
Temple, and to pray for its restoration; and that
portion of the walls has derived from this affect-
ing custom the designation of “ the Place of
\Vailing.” It was the belief of the ancient Jews
that the prayers offered up to the Most High
within the precincts of the Temple walls, as-
cended at once to the Throne of Grace, and

were propitiatory of the Divine Clemency; and,
like the rest of their religious tenets, this belief
has remained unchanged until the present day:
for although the walls have been for ages closed
against the remnant of God’s chosen people by
their oppressors, they still gather round the for-
bidden spot, and, pressing their lips against the
ancient stone-work, breathe through its crevices
the aspirations of their unchanging hearts. I
visited the spot 011 the day and at the hour when
this sad gathering takes place, and I could have
wept at beholding the descendants of Israel,
aliens, as it were, in the land of their fathers,

