228 LAWRENCE COSTIGAN.

tant home must have yearned towards this neg-
lected grave, and how dreadfully must the an-
guish of bereavement have been augmented to
them by the mystery that enveloped his last
moments. Besides, his death involved more than
private suffering—it was a public loss; for, had
he lived, he might have revealed the secrets of
those regions which no other European has ever
yet explored. I am told that the Maltese sailor
who accompanied him, declares that they saw
ruins at the bottom of the water—the ruins of
Sodom and Gomorrah l—but he is such an igno—
rant and besotted creature, that no dependence
can be placed upon any of his assertions.

Now that I have traversed the dreadful roads
leading to Jerusalem, I can appreciate the cou-
rage and energy of poor Costigan in bringing
over them, as he did, a boat from Beyrout for
his luckless voyage of discovery. I only hope
that his example may stimulate some others to
undertake the same enterprise, but with better
means of success. ‘Vhoever ventures to navigate
the shores of that awful Lake,—whose waters, in
harmony with the sinister name it bears, contain
within them nothing that breathes the breath of
life,-—n1ust take everything for the sustenance of
existence with them, and, above all, water in

