140 LAZARET.

Turkish director a perfect Shylock, determined
to exact the smallest pairing of his pound of
ﬂesh, and little caring whether his victims bled
to death or not under the operation; and,
although Giovanni, the BIaltese overseer of the
Lazaret, repeatedly assured me in his broken
English that his Excellency was “such a nice
gentleman —so kind—most sweet .’ ” I could not
ﬁnd it in my heart to echo the sentiment. At
last one day he announced that the Turk had
come to pay us a visit, and out we went to
receive him in the large grass enclosure apper-
taining to the establishment, where we were
allowed to walk and to receive visits; our guar-
dians standing by with long sticks to prevent
any contact, and Giovanni acting as master of
the ceremonies and interpreter. After the usual
.s-alaamz'ng, compliments, and inquiries, in which
we of course took care to introduce complaints
of our comfortless position, a long parley in
Turkish ensued between the director and Gio-
vanni; we augured well for ourselves from the
countenances of both, which we watched with
intense anxiety as they spoke, and still better
when Giovanni turning to us with a smile, which
seemed all made up of honey and sugar-candy,
began: “ His Excellency such a pleasant gentle-

