HorEL DE PALMYRE. 343

the entrance to an European hotel, lately es—
tablished by an Italian, and called L’Hotel de
Palmyre; and, passing through the ﬁrst court,
found ourselves in a quadrangle that recalled
to our memory one of the garden Patios of the
Alhambra—a spacious court of tesselated marble,
open to the sky, having in the centre a large
tank of water full of gold and silver ﬁsh, from
which ascend the Sparkling jets of a fountain,—
orange and lemon trees of a size unknown in the
\Vest, loaded with blossoms and casting their
odoriferous shade between the sunshine and the
pavement,—vases of Arabian jessamine, of car-
nations and damask roses, placed round the
tank, and mingling their sweet breath with the
scent of the orange ﬂowers; and at the up-
per end of the court, and raised considerably
above the level of the pavement, a large open
recess, the walls and ceiling of which are
adorned with an elaborate profusion of marble
mosaics, costly carvings in wood richly gilt,
illuminated Arabic characters, &c., and contain-
ing a long low sofa furnished with cushions
running the whole length of the recess. Sleep-
ing-chambers open from the three other sides of
the court, and the one occupied by me has
again recalled to my mind the beauties of the

