258 SIIEIKII HAMED.

away like poultry into T acktcrawmzs slung upon
the backs of mules, on their way to the Tomb of
Moses. By the manner in which the women
were veiled, we knew them to be Turkish, and
from the appearance of their cavalcade they had
come from a much greater distance than Jeru-
salem. But such is the sanctity of Nebbi Mousa
as a place of pilgrimage for Mahometans, that
they ﬂock thither from all parts of the Turkish
Empire with the same religious enthusiasm which
yearly brings so many of the Christians of the
East to the banks of the Jordan. This was our
only rencontre, and, with the exception of a few
herds of goats, we saw no other living thine“,
either going or returning from the Dead Sea.
Sheikh Hamed was very urgent with me to
pay a visit to his tribe in their encampment, a
few miles from Jerusalem, and dine with his two
wives; but there are circumstances attending
Bedouin hospitality which led me to negative
his request. Much as my curiosity was on the
qzcz’ rive at the idea of penetrating into the
domestic privacy of these primitive races, one
ceremony I knew would attend my reception in
their tents which it would be impossible for me
to evade, and which I felt that I could not screw

up my courage to witness. \Vhen a stranger

