44 A LIVING LUSTRE.

to share his solitude. I am wrong—he was not
alone—he was téte—ci-té‘te with a bottle of Cham-
pagne, which was half hidden under the long
fringes of the divan where he was squatted, and
had drawn so largely upon the convivial resources
of his sparkling companion, that he appeared to
have completely fuddled himself in the encounter.

He saluted me with a very pretty speech, trans—
lated by Mohammed to this effect: “ The gentle—

man says he is very happy indeed to see you here,
and that your presence lights up the whole apart-
ment !” After a few puffs from his ClLibOllun,
the compliment was repeated to me exactly in the
same words; and again and again, until I began to
fancy myself an enormous chandelier. But on
hearing it for the seventh time, I really feared
that I might set the house, if not the old Aga’s
heart, in a blaze, and that it was high time for
me to be off. Accordingly we effected our retreat
at midnight, and late as was the hour, loitered in
the Esbekieh on our way home, to enjoy the
delicious freshness of the night air, and the solemn
beauty of the star-lit skies, and the deep silence
that reigned around, which appeared doubly de-
lightful to us after the heat and glare and racket
of the wedding fantasia.

The marriage cercnlonics and festivities of the

