 

 

 

BELOW THE CATARACTS

rather over-elaborate detail. It is still sharply
deﬁned above, where the afternoon sun emphasises
the drawing, but it is worn away at the base, and
at the entrance by the countless worshippers who
have crossed its threshold. It looks in sound
repair, so let us hope that no restorations may be
needed here for some time ; for however well they
may be done they cannot fail to rob it of much of
its charm and poetry.

In Cairo it is not necessary to go back to a
remote period to ﬁnd beautiful architecture, for
the dwelling—houses were built on the old lines
right up to the end of the eighteenth century, and
the beautiful example we have referred to, the
Sadaat’s house, is not two hundred years old. The
periods are difﬁcult to mark in Egypt, for there
was never here the violent change in style which
Europe witnessed during the Renaissance. Things
went on much the same until Mohammed Ali’s
accession in 18o 5, and since that time Arab archi—
tecture has not changed, but has ceased to exist.
I doubt whether a native Cairene architect, with
any knowledge of the building art of his fore-
fathers, could now be found. The few houses
built in the so—called “ style Arabe” are designed
by Europeans, and the restoration of the monu—
ments is now in the hands of Christians. Let us
hope that some day the Egyptian may himself

60

*T_

OLD CAIRO

awaken to the fact that the architecture of his
forbears is more beautiful and better suited to
h1s climate and surroundings than that of the
nondescript erections which are now run up in the
modern quarters of his city, and that a new Cairo
butlt upon the lines of the old city, may yet arise:

to delight all lovers of the suitable and the
picturesque.

61

 

