 

 

 

 

 

THE PYRAMIDS

form a lovely background. Egypt is indeed “ the
gift of the river "l

An entirely different race people this area. The
ﬁ/Iafz is as unlike the Bedawi as we are to either.
The Beduin, who have made their home round the
pyramids for many generations, are despised by
their nomadic kin, and though retaining the features
and garb of the latter they have lost the qualities
that make these people so interesting.

We soon come in sight of the village of Mit
Rah‘ineh, which stands on the site of Memphis, and
of the causeway connecting it with Sakkﬁra—
Sakkara, which has given its name to the necropolis
of the ancient capital.

Pitfalls in the sand, silent witnesses of the dese-
cration of the dead, oblige us to pick our way more
carefully, and the dark mouths of rock—cut tombs
in the low—lying cliffs make us aware that we are
entering a vast burial—ground. Potsherds and other
débris of the riﬂed graves are strewn about every—
where, but the brilliancy of the light and the
brightness of the dry, sandy soil prevent the grue—
some feelings one would eXperience on entering a
plundered cemetery in Europe. The “step pyramid”
dominates the scene, and around it are clustered a
number of smaller ones.

After lunch at Mariette’s House we are taken to
the Serapeum. It is not within the scope of this

123

 

