 

 

67o THEBES.

supporting round arches. These .pillars came from
Karnak, and were the gift of the Khedive. They have
lotus-bud capitals, and measure about ﬁfteen feet high
in the shaft. At the upper end of the nave, some
eighteen or twenty feet in advance of the apse, there
stands a very beautiful screen inlaid in the old Coptic
style with cedar, ebony, rosewood, ivory, and mother-of—
pearl. This screen is the pride of the church. Through
the opening in the centre, one looks straight into the
little waggon-roofed apse, which contains a small table
and a suspended lamp, and is as dark as the sanctuary
of an Egyptian Temple. The reading-desk, like a
ricketty ofﬁce stool, faces the congregation; and just
inside the screen stands the Bishop’s chair. Upon this
plan, which closely resembles the plan of the ﬁrst
cathedral of St. Peter at Rome, most Coptic churches
are built. They vary chieﬂy in the number of apses,
some having as many as ﬁve. The atrium generally
contains a large tank, called the Epiphany tank, into
which, in memory of the baptism of our Lord, the men
plunge at their festival of El Gheetas.

Young Todroos, the son of the Prussian Consul,
conducted us to the church. We went in at about eleven
o’clock and witnessed the end of the service, which had
then been going on since daybreak. The atrium was
crowded with women and children, and the side-aisles

with men of the poorer sort. A few groups of better

 

 

