 

 

SAKKARAH AND MEMPHIS. '31

 

completely overwhelmed as if it had never been un-
covered. One can scarcely believe that only twenty
years ago, the whole place was entirely cleared at so vast
an expenditure of time and labour. The work, as I
have already mentioned, took four years to complete.
This avenue alone was six hundred feet in length and
bordered by an army of sphinxes, one hundred and forty-
one of which were found in 32225. As the excavation
neared the end of the avenue, the causeway, which
followed a gradual descent between massive walls, lay
seventy feet below the surface. The labour was im-
mense, and the difﬁculties were innumerable. The
ground had to be contested inch by inch. “In certain
places,” says M. Mariette, “ the sand was ﬂuid, so to
speak, and bafﬂed us like water continually driven back
and seeking to regain its level.”

If, however, the toil was great, so also was the
reward. A main avenue terminated by a semicircular
platform, round which stood statues of famous Greek
phi1050phers and poets; a second avenue at right angles
to the ﬁrst; the remains of the great Temple of the
Serapeum; three smaller temples; and three distinct
groups of Apis catacombs, were brought to light. A
descending passage opening from a chamber in the great
Temple led to the catacombs—vast labyrinths of vaults
and passages hewn out of the solid rock on which the
Temples were built. These three groups of excavations

 

 

