 

 

ASSO UAN AND ELEPHANTINE. 277 '

 

Now the lying-down and getting-up of a camel are
performances designed for the express purpose of inﬂict-
ing grievous bodily harm upon his rider. Thrown twice
forward and twice backward, punched in his “ wind ” and
damaged in his spine, the luckless novice receives four
distinct shocks, each more violent and unexpected than
the last. For this “execrable hunchback” is fearfully
and wonderfully made. He has a superﬂuous joint
somewhere in his legs, and uses it to revenge himself
upon mankind.

His paces, however, are more complicated than his
joints and more trying than his temper. He has four:
——a short walk, like the rolling of a small boat in a
chopping sea; a long walk which dislocates every bone
in your body; a trot that reduces you to imbecility;
and a gallop that is sudden death. One tries in vain to
imagine a crime for which the ﬂame forte ct dare of
sixteen hours on camel-back would not be a full and
sufﬁcient expiation. It is a punishment to which one
would not willingly be the means of condemning any
human being—not even a reviewer.

They had been down on the bank for hire all day long
——brown camels and white camels, shaggy camels and
smooth camels; all with gay worsted tassels on their
heads, and rugs ﬂung over their high wooden saddles, by
way of housings. The gentlemen of the Fostat had
ridden away hours ago, cross-legged and serene; and

 

 

