 

 

566 BACK THROUGH NUBIA.

 

plank was now put across; the crowd was kept off; and
the man with the bundle, and three or four others, were
allowed to pass.

The bundle being undone, a little brown imp of
about four years of age, with shaven head and shaggy
scalp-lock, was produced. He whimpered at ﬁrst, seeing
the strange white faces; but when offered a ﬁg, forgot
his terrors, and sat munching it like a monkey. As for
his wounds, they were literally skin-deep, the shot
having but slightly grazed his shoulders in four or ﬁve
places. The Idle Man, however, solemnly sponged the
scratches with warm water, and L. covered them with
patches of sticking—plaister. Finally, the father was
presented with a Napoleon ; the patient was wrapped in
one of his murderer’s shirts; and the ﬁrst act of the
tragedy ended. The second and third acts were to come.

When the Painter and the Idle Man talked the affair
over, they agreed that it was expedient, for the protection
of future travellers, to lodge a complaint against the
village; and this mainly on account of the treacherous
blow dealt from behind, at a time when the Idle Man
(who had not once attempted to defend himself) was
powerless in the hands of a mob. They therefore went
next day to Assouan; and the governor, charming as
ever, promised that justice should be done. Meanwhile
we moved the Dahabeeyah to Philze, and there settled
down for a week’s sketching.

 

 

 

