 

 

7115355 T0 ASSO UAN. 231

 

Both gentlemen wore tarbooshes, and carried visiting
canes. The visiting cane, by the way, plays a con-
spicuous part in modern Egyptian life. It measures
about two and a half feet in length, is tipped at both
ends with gold or silver, and is supposed to add the last
touch of elegance to the bearer.

We entertained our guests with coffee and lemonade,
and, as well as we could, with conversation. The Bey,
who spoke only Turkish and Arabic, gave a ﬂourishing
account of the sugar-works, and despatched his pipe-
bearer for a bundle of fresh canes and some specimens
of raw and candied sugars. He said he had an English
foreman and several English workmen, and that for the
English as a nation he had the highest admiration and
regard; but that the Arabs “ had no heads.” To our
inquiries about the ruins, his replies were sufﬁciently
discouraging. Of the large Temple every vestige had
long since disappeared; while of the smaller one only a
few columns and part of the walls were yet standing.
They lay out beyond the town and a long way from the
river. There was very little to see. It was all “sag-
heer” (small); “ moosh-taib” (bad); not worth the
trouble of the walk. As for “antichi,” they were rarely
found here, and when found were of slight value.

A scarab which he wore in a ring was then passed
round and admired. It fell to our Little Lady’s turn to
examine it last, and restore it to the owner. But the

 

 

