 

 

 

 

BACK THROUGH NUBIA. 543

 

All within these bounds is a wilderness of ruin. The
space looks large enough for a city, and contains what
might be the dé'érzls‘ of a dozen cities. We climb huge
mounds of rubbish; skirt cataracts of broken pottery;
and stand on the brink of excavated pits, honeycombed
forty feet below with brick foundations. Over these
mounds and at the bottom of these pits, swarm men,
women, and children, ﬁlling and carrying away basket-
loads of rubble. The dust rises in clouds. The noise,
the heat, the confusion, are indescribable. One pauses,
bewildered, seeking in vain to discover in this mighty
maze any indication of a plan. It is only by an effort
that one gradually realises how the place is but a vast
shell, and how all these mounds and pits mark the site
of what was once a huge ediﬁce rising tower above
tower to a central keep, such as we see represented in
the battle-subjects of Aboo Simbel and Thebes.

That towered ediﬁce and central keep—quarried,
broken up, carried away piecemeal, reduced to powder,
and spread over the land as manure—has now dis-
appeared almost to its foundations. Only the well in
the middle of the enclosure, and the great wall of circuit,
remain. That wall is doomed, and will by and by share
the fate of the rest. The well, which must have been
very deep, is choked with rubbish to the brim. Mean-
while, in order to realise what the place in its present

condition is like, one need but imagine how the Tower

 

 

 

