v .

which We hrd found in the cooridor, Agoinet the oppo}"°l"
eite wall of the room were lerning what apperred to 53 the
eidee and cornice of en enormous creket—eheped For. Go

the ground to the left lay another side of eorprently the
same For, rhilrt ecuare Teams 19? ecsttered stout the floor,
Rhere ever the woodwork lry horirootellr tor stucco 9nd
goldLleef still edhered and the Pcenor 9nd irscrirtione on
them were convecuently oreserved; lut of the rieces lern-
inr against the well, only one still retrined rert oQ‘its
oririnal decoration.“

here??? (pp.13-15) - ”The entrpnce corridor and rerulchrrl
chimter contained the rrnele of a grert eprcorhrgue, or,
more rrecirely, of r herree which must have eervod to rro-
tect the co'fin dtrinr it! transport to the necrorolle.
The optefelcue, of rectrngulrr form, which opened in front
with foldinr-doore, is made of cedrr-wood, now rattgﬁ ty

'demp; it we? covered with stucco, engrtved and gilded, but

decoration rlso is in r96 condition and is breakinr off in
fragments to such an ertent that there ie no hope of pre-
serving it. ... One of the lepvee of the door was found in
the corridor; the other in the charter. The bronze hingee
were still attached to them. ... The folding-doors of the
catetalcue still retain their two bronze hioger ... they
courist, or usual, of one piece, hollow 9nd rectenguler,
thpt fitted round the edge of the door; ... on the lintel

of the door there was ctill a hollow bronze cylinder(eocket)
... in which the upper hinge of the door revolved.”

