Canal Life in the Delta

now alive with ﬁsh, which, ﬁnding escape impossible,
leap high into the air, only to be met by a swoop of
voracious sea-birds from above.

As the “catch” is being ladled into the boat, the
splashing leaping mass of ﬁsh, amongst which hundreds
of men are deliriously shouting, combined with the
screeching of the birds, the ﬂapping of wings, and the
hissing of the water, makes up a scene of confusion
and wild excitement which baﬂles description and is not
readily forgotten. The take of ﬁsh on these occasions
is of course enormous, and such a drive as I have
attempted to describe is seldom authorised.

Lake Menzala is normally quiet in its character, and
being closely preserved against shooting has become a
home for millions of water—fowl. Neither on the lake
itself nor in the surrounding marshes are ﬁrearms
permitted, though the “wily” native will often re-
plenish his larder by diving, and catching wild duck
by the feet while unconsciously swimming above.

Pelicans and waders of all kinds abound, the ﬁrst—
named being of the most friendly disposition, and most
of the boats have a tame specimen on board. They
are interesting birds; their plumage is beautiful in
the tender suggestion of pink showing through the
white down, while the black or maroon points on
wings and tail, and their multi—coloured bills and
orange pouches, form a pretty colour-scheme, and the
good—tempered silly birds have the art of looking wise
in a manner which is quite irresistible.

In ﬁne weather Lake Menzala is sufﬁciently interest—

14.1

