150 FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT

ries averaging four feet in height; below is
a deep dado of rushes and growing plants
and above a wide frieze. The division of wall
space is novel and imposing.

The outlines of the incised designs being
deeply cut and the ﬁgures rounded up in the
centre give a depth and fulness of form, an
effect intensiﬁed by the light falling upon
them from above, while the dust of the desert
sifting lightly over the surface softens the
whole with its velvet touch. Bits of colour
still remaining —— blue, red and green — show
how splendid these walls must once have been.

In its evolution Egyptian sculpture passed
through successive stages, from mere drawing
in outline, incision of the rock surface and
chiselling of the design in low relief, to the
cutting of the ﬁgure in the round, clear of
the wall, so that it stood erect without sup-
port. Beyond that their art did not go; they
made little attempt to indicate the anatomy
of the human form which they carved with
childish simplicity, leaving it lumpy and
wooden. This problem the Greeks, the na-
tion of sculptors, although deve10ping much
later, early met and mastered. Nevertheless
the Egyptian was long the only Oriental
artist of early history who could carve the
form of man in stone. v

