84 FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT

manding a proper pretence of shyness. After
this second longer pause the interrogation is
made for the third and last time, and if then
there is no reply the whole affair is declared
03. The usual “ I will,” however, is gen-
erally forthcoming and the gentlemen return
rejoicing to conclude the contract.

The intermediate days are devoted to the
display of gifts and trousseau, to dinners and
dancing in which the bride, being in retire-
ment, has no part. The last night of the
seven occurs the procession of the bride, invi-
tations to which ceremony are the most cov-
eted of all. Miss Ellen Chermell’s “ Recol-
lections of an Egyptian Princess by her
Governess ” describes one such fete in the
royal harem, the bride being the Princess
Fatma, daughter of the Khedive.

On that occasion an elaborate dinner, (1 la
franque, was given by the four Princesses,
wives of Khedive Ismail. The company then
adjourned to a large salon on the upper ﬂoor,
where they were entertained by the slow Ori-
ental dancing of ﬁve or six female slaves,
with ﬂowing tresses, and wearing long loose
Turkish trousers of pink silk gathered at the
ankle; the somersault concluding each move-
ment being most modest.

At 10 o’clock the doors at one end of the

