“ S. S. Ramses,” on the N ile, Egypt,
December 6th.

THIS morning we started for the Nile
steamer, with our small tnmks only. As we
drove across the bridge to the wharf just
beyond, the little double-decker ﬂoating on
the water looked clean and fresh, 9. most in-
viting home for a three weeks’ excursion.
‘ The manager of the steamship company was
at the boat to see us oﬂ’, and presented
each passenger with a permit for which the
ordinary tourist pays a pound, and which
secures the entrée to all the monuments of
Egypt; this revenue is devoted to the pres-
ervation of the monuments and ruins. He
also gave to each a copy of Dr. Wallis
Budge’s book on Egypt, which contains chap-
- ters on both ancient and modern Egypt and
answers many questions.

There are only about thirty passengers, for
the season has barely begun, this being but
the second trip of the “ Rameses ” up the
Nile. As we put oﬂ’ from shore the barefoot
Egyptian sailors with long poles pushed us

104

