122 FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT

of exquisite anguish as she gripped her two
Arabs tightly about the neck. The weary
donkey ambled gently forward. The runners
nearly exhausted by strangulation, and anx-
ious to end their agony as soon as possible,
kept whacking the animal, allowing no pauses
despite the outcries of its rider.

B. clung to her donkey-boy till he pleaded
with her not to tear the clothes off his back.
It is immensely amusing, for none of the
inexperienced will own to being afraid. One
little Englishman growing conﬁdential, con-
fessed to B. that he had not been on a donkey
for nine years. Just then his runner laid on
with a heavy stick, the donkey leaped f or-
ward — and the gentleman in question came
a cropper backwards in the sand.

We were just in time for ﬁve o’clock tea
which is served on the upper deck in the open
salon amidships. Easy chairs, table, and
piano make this a delightful lounging place,
cozy and comfortable. Here Madam Shinn
and two or three elderly pe0ple had spent the
day writing letters, playing chess, and read-
in g their Baedekers. They inquired eagerly
for details of our trip. After this twelve
mile excursion, we f eel equal to whatever is
in store for us farther up the Nile.

., The sun set in a clear sky and sent up over

