FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT 149

sided Hathor-hcaded capitals. The temple
was sacred to the supreme goddess Isis, who
as mother of Horus and as associated with
Athor, goddess of mirth and beauty, is here
revered as Hathor, the Egyptian Aphrodite.
The hawk-headed Horus, the lad with the
side-lock, the youth with his ﬁnger in his
mouth, also ﬁnds place on these walls as son
of Isis and husband of Athor. .

Taught by the ancient Egyptians, and call-
ing themselves Ptolemies, the Greco-Romans,
heirs of Athens and the Parthenon, restored
and completed the temple of Denderah in the
style indigenous in Egypt, and on a scale
commensurate with the magnitude of the tem-
ples of the Pharaohs, their acquaintance with
a more perfect architecture and a more ex-
quisite art being betrayed only by greater
delicacy of line and more sensitive touch in
their treatment of the incised reliefs covering
the walls.

I wish I could ﬁtly convey to you some-
thing of the imwession made upon me by this
noble hall.

The twenty-f our columns are spaced in six
rows of four each throughout the hall; col-
umns and walls are covered alike with reliefs
rcpresenting gods and kings and extending
around the entire wall in four horizontal se-

