FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT 71

his carriage and was driven quickly away, his
guard of cavalry swinging into line after him
at a brisk pace. The police tried to maintain
their line until the other carriages also had
gone, but the people no longer feared them
and poured into the Plaza like a ﬂood. We
drove through this mass of strange humanity
— dusky, swarthy faces of every shade of
brown — Syrians, Armenians, Nubians, and
Ethiopians mingling with Egyptians, Arabs,
Copts and Turks. This pageant is, however,
as nothing compared to that of the Salemlik,
or going to Mosque of the Sultan of Turkey,
who is so fearful for his life that whenever
he goes abroad he requires his Grand Viziers
to run afoot beside his carriage, and has
never less than a regiment of troops to guard
his progress.

On the way we passed near the little island
of Rhoda in the middle of the Nile. A half
hour suﬂiced to cross by ferry, walk in the
picturesque old garden, and inspect the Ni-
lometer, whose marble column erected in the
thirteenth century, still measures the ebb and
ﬂow of the Nile.

On this island, according to Mr. Jeremiah
Lynch, the well -known E gyptologist, stood
the palace of Pharaoh’s favourite daughter.
She was a widowed queen before she was a.

