60 FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT

After we had started up the Pyramid two
French women ambled up on donkeys, and,
after much chattering, began the ascent.
Painted and powdered, with ﬂuﬁy silk petti-
coats and ostrich plumes nodding in the
breeze, they tripped along the path, their
high French heels clicking on the stones as
they walked. One persevered to the t0p, but
the other, more timid, stopped half way up,
and insisted on returning. The descent, how-
ever, is much more formidable. The path was
so precipitous, that the lady became paralyzed
with fear. Two Arabs had to take hold of her
arms, and two her feet, and thus carry her
down.

When we were ready to descend our Arabs
again offered their turban-bands, protesting
at the same time that they would surely take
cold, — intimating, of course, that they de-
served an extra fee. I had one end of the
long white scarf tied about my waist, while
the other end was held ﬁrmly by a native
above to keep me from falling; two of my
helpers stood below ready to catch me and
brace me up by pushing against my shoulders
as I jumped down. The man in the rear was
always very strong. When B., who is rather
plump, . slipped once or twice, screaming vo-
ciferously, her rear guard jerked her so sharply

