On the Nile,
Monday, December 12th.

THIS morning we were up betimes, and by
eight-thirty were mounted on Egyptian po-
nies bound for the temple of Denderah, our
ﬁrst large temple.

Not far from the boat a path led by a short
cut through a ﬁeld of tall corn where we
could ride in delicious shade dodging the lean-
ing stalks. As we turned into the ﬁeld, how-
ever, the owner stood ready to dispute our
passage, and brought down his stout staff
upon the head of my donkey-boy, who hap-
pened to be in the lead. Immediately all the
other boys rushed forward, while the retain-
ers of the farmer likewise rallied to his as-
sistance, and the battle raged fast and furi-
ous for some minutes. The farmer and his
aids were being worsted with some blood let,
when the local oﬁicial, attending our party,
came galloping up on a ﬁne gray steed,
stopped the ﬁght, and himself led us through
the corn. We felt it wrong to trespass, but

the donkey-boys explained that the law com-
147

