FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT 225

tioned with a kodak, ready to snap-shot the
scene for future reference in proof of their
bravery, when, unfortunately for the fame of
the Sportsmen, the beast at that moment
turned toward them, and the picture the cam-
era caught was of huntsmen casting away
their weapons and ﬂeeing to cover.

It has taken us just an hour to return. As
we neared Assuan a drum was hauled out
from under a seat and a man began throm-
ming on it with his ﬁngers in lieu of drum-
sticks. Higher and higher sang the chorus,
more and more strident sounded the voices as
one of the crew passed up a dirty white cap
for bakshish —— a gift — over and above the
fare.

At sunset the Roman ruins crowning the
southern end of Elephantine’s rocky ridge
stood outlined against the western horizon;
the palm trees showed like ﬁne lace on the
blue above, while the huge boulders of the
Cataract made black shadows on the glisten-
in g water, which reﬂected the amber sky.

Thus far and no farther; we have penetrated
into the country nearly seven hundred miles
from the mouth of the Nile; we have gone
to the top of the First Cataract, walked over
its dam, and viewed the quarries from which

