270 FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT

reader willingly did it, hoping that in the
hereafter the god would feed him. Such ex-
hortations as this are often met with:

“ O! Ye princes, 0! Ye ﬁrst prophets, O!
Ye high priests, O! Ye priests, celebrant and
initiated in the mysteries, 0! Ye lay proph-
ets, O! Ye ofﬁcials, 0! Ye dwellers 111 your
cities, all who may be m this temple, and who
passing by may recite this formula, if you
desire that Osiris Khontamentit may never
cease to offer you his festival cakes, or if you
desire that the jackal Uapuatitu, your god
whose love is sweet, should make your heart
glad like the heart of a king, for ever and
ever, if you love life and hate death, and if
you desire strength for your children, say
with your mouth: formula for thousands of
bread, wine, cakes, omen, geese, perfumes,
garments, and all things good and pure which
are for the life of a god, to the Ka of Sahot-
pabri, son of the lady M ontnibdidit.”

A favourite place for the second stela was
in some temple or at the great Necropolis at
Abydos, one of the four tombs of Osiris, near
the lofty mountain range, through the narrow
gorge of which the souls of the dead had to
pass in order to reach the western waters
where the barge of the sun sinks into dark-
ness. Those souls acquainted with the way

