FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT 207

As nomads, wandering over the desert, the
Bisharin were a war-like, barbaric people;
but contact with civilization has caused them
to deteriorate; their bravery and independ-
ence have vanished and they have grown weak
and timid. Although quick to learn and
easily pleased, they seem unable to acquire
the more stable qualities of manhood, and
their race is not likely to endure long. Being
allowed the freedom of the town, the Bisharin
add greatly to the entertainment of the tour-
ist.

They wear a long white cotton sheet loosely
draped over the left shoulder and about the
hips; the baggy trousers which hang on their
slender ﬁgures are of the same material.
Their weapons are long javelins and curious
sets of knives and daggers, the sheath being
a baby alligator skin, the feet of which are
also enclosed and made into short cross-pock-
ets for smaller blades. As we walked about
Assuan the Bishar‘in followed beseeching us
in gentle, childish voices to purchase their
strange weapons. One thought to make us
capitulate by posing as a convert. — “ I
Clithstian, lady, pleth buy! ”

The bazaars, like those of Cairo, are a
series of low covered ways and are stocked
with ostrich feathers, skins and home from

