254 FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACI‘

built their great Pyramids at Gizeh a century
later. Although Mentuhotep II of the Elev-
enth Dynasty introduced a new style of sep-
ulchre, a cliff cave with terraced chapel be-
fore it, the pyramid continued popular and
was royalty’s favourite type of tomb until
2000 B. 0.

Later cliff chambers, secreted in the depths
of the mountains west of their capital, were
chosen by the Theban kings for sepulchres.
During the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Dy-
nasties, from 1600-1200 B. 0. these subterra-
nean tombs reached their climax of elaborate-
ness and splendour. That the ancients hon-
oured the mummies of their Apis gods no
less, is proved by the ﬁnding in the Serapeum
at Memphis of sarcophagi bearing the car-
touche of Amenhotep III B. c. 1400.

Before each tomb was always its shrine, of
which the splendid mausoleum chapel of Hat-
shepsut is the most striking example. Other
Theban monarchs, however, desiring more
extensive mortuary temples than the hills
permitted, built on the plains below; the
Ramesseum was such a memorial, and served
for public worship as well.

Unfortunately the buildings of the Early
Empire have almost all disappeared, so that
even their location is unknown, but it has been

