294 FROM CAIRO TO THE CATARACT

for him his army was able to ﬁle through, and
re-assemble on the plain of Esdraelon, south
of Megiddo, before their presence was discov-
ered by the enemy. At dawn the following
day Thutmose in his shining chariot of elec-
trum gave battle: “ The king himself, he led
the way of his army, mighty at its head, like
a ﬂame of ﬁre.” The opposing forces broke,
and ﬂed at the ﬁrst onslaught, abandoning a
rich spoil of tents, weapons, and chariots of
silver and gold. Escaping within their city,
they closed the gates of Megiddo against
Thutmose, their friends letting down scarfs
to haul the belated up over the walls. “ Their
champions lay stretched out like ﬁshes on the
ground.” Thutmose then cut down the sur-
rounding groves, and built a stockade about
the city. In a few weeks the Megiddese were
starved into surrendering. The conqueror ac-
cepted their submission, and granted them
life and liberty. The Egyptians were never
guilty of the cruelty practised by the Assyr-
ians, who slaughtered whole cities.

Thutmose III placed governors over the
conquered towns, but took back with him, as
hostages, those viceroys’ oldest sons, to be
placed in guarded Theban castles, and care-
fully educated. Later these youths were sent

 

 

