REBEKAH'. 215

I have a friend, a farmer in a neighbouring
village, and am much amused at seeing coun-
try life. It cannot be rougher, as regards ma-
terial comforts, in New Zealand or Central
Africa, but there is no barbarism or lack of
reﬁnement in the manners of the people.

The ﬁne sun and clear air are delicious and
reviving, and I mount my donkey early and
late, with little Ahmad trotting beside me. In
the evening comes my dear Sheykh Yoosuf,
and I blunder through an hour’s dictation and
reading of the story of the Barber’s ﬁfth bro-
ther. I presume that Yoosuf likes me, for I am
constantly greeted with immense cordiality by
graceful men in green turbans belonging, like

him, to the holy family of Sheykh Abu-l-Hajjéij. -

They inquire tenderly after my health, and
pray for me, and hope I am going to stay among
them. .

I received an ‘Illustrated News,’ with a print
of. a ridiculous Rebekah at the well, from a
picture by Hilton. With regard to Eastern
subjects, two courses are open; to paint like
mediaeval painters, white people in European
clothes, or to come and see. Mawkish Misses,
in fancy dress, are not “ benat el-Arab,” like

