252 LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

“ master.” I made a sad slip of the tongue,
and said my “ husband ” (G62), before Abd-er-
Rafeea, the master of the house. The ladies
laughed and blushed tremendously, and I felt
very awkward; but they turned the tables on
me in a few minutes by some questions they
asked quite coolly. They have lived all their
lives within less than a quarter of a mile of
the ruins of El-Karnak, and never have seen
them, or wished to see them.

The dragoman of the Polish boats has just
come to desire that my letters be ready in the
morning, as his people do not stay here; so I
must say farewell. I hardly know what I shall
have to do. If the heat does not turn out
overpowering, I shall stay here; if I cannot
hear it, I must go down. Mustafa Agha, I
believe, goes to England; I wish I could send
you Sheykh Yoosuf as a specimen of a ge-
nuine Arab gentleman. Mustafa is somewhat
Europeanized.

I asked Omar if he could bear a summer
here—so dull for a young man fond of a little
coffee-shop and gossip; for that if he could
not, he might go down for a time and join me
again, as I could manage with some man here.

