“ SHEYKH STANLEY.” 313

is the enormous cost of everything. Cairo is
twice as dear as London in many things, and I
expect to ﬁnd even El-Uksur very expensive.
There are very few travellers this year, partly,
no doubt, in consequence of the cost of every-
thing. I am quite sorry to ﬁnd how many of
my letters must have been lost from El-Uksur;
in future I will trust the Arab post, which
certainly is safer than English travellers.

Please to tell Dean Stanley that his old dra-
goman, Mohammad Gazowee, cried with pleav
sure when he told me he had seen “ Sheykh
Stanley’s ” sister on her way to India, and the
little ladies “ knew his name,” and shook hands
with him, which evidently was worth far more
than the baksheesh. I wondered who “Sheykh
Stanley ” could be, and Mohammad (who is a
darweesh, and very pious) told me he was the
Gasees (priest) who was Imam (spiritual guide)
to the son of our Queen; “ and, in truth,” said
he, “ he is really a Sheykh, and one who
teaches the excellent things of religion. Why,
he was kind even to his horse; and it is of the
mercies of God to the English, that such a one
is the Imam of your Queen and Prince.”

“ I said,” laughing, “ how dost thou, a dar~

