194 LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

surprised them most was to see me going -
through the salaming ceremonies with Seleem
Efendi, the maohn, and our sitting down toge-
ther on his carpet.

Mustafa told Omar that he expected Fadl.
Pasha, the Governor of all Upper Egypt, to
dinner, and asked him to go and help to ar-
range the entertainment. Did not Omar bris-
tle up? “ What! could his lady be left for
some hours without her servant, on account
of a Turkish pasha’! Did not Mustafa know
that this was an Emeereh of the Inkeleez'! No,
not for Efendeena. (the Viceroy) himself would
he do such a thing! Wallah I” There is no-
thing like an Arab servant for asserting his
master’s or mistress’s greatness, and I suspect
a little sly pleasure in defying a big Turk
from behind the protection of my dignity; for
_ Omar muttered something about high English
people not “ making themselves 'big ;” which
sounded (like a covert reﬂection on those who
do.

A characteristic trait of manners was that
last night, Sheykh Yoosuf having stayed till
dark over my lesson, I asked him to “ break-
fast ” at my dinner; being now ”Ramadan, he

