114. LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

without a veil, which I won’t allow in my ha-
reem. However, she is as affectionate as ever,‘
and delighted at the idea of going with us.

Tuesday, October 20.

Omar has got a boat for £12, all ready fur-
nished, which is not more than the railway
would cost, now that half must be done per
steamer and a bit. on donkeys or on foot.
Two and a half hours to sit grilling'at noon
on the bank, and two. miles to walk carrying
one’s baggage, is no joke. I shall take Haggeh
Hannah in my boat, for the poor o1d ' soul
was moulue by her journey. I have bought
blankets here, but they are much dearer than
last year. Everything is almost doubled in
price, owing to the cattle murrain and the
high Nile. Such an inundation as this years
was never known before. Does the blue god
resent Speke’s intrusion on his .privacy? it
will be a glorious sight, I believe. But the
damage to crops, and even to the last year’s
stacks of grain and beans, is frightful,—-one
sails away among the palm-trees, over the
submerged cotton-ﬁelds.

Ismaeel Pasha has been very active, but

