7 17 - 7—.— , ~ ‘Y —~- ﬁ~ wag—“7 ‘ rr H. i-ﬂ' ﬁr; *‘W M,“ “~Tyﬁn-rb‘34- ﬁ_,....~_ li.’ TF7: l-r ' ' ' ' h.

TEE INDIAN MAIL. 309

23rd October.

I must send my letter to-day or to-morrow.
Yesterday I met a Saeedee, a friend of the
brother of the Sheykh of the wild Abab’deh,
and as we stood hand-shaking and kissing our
ﬁngers in the road, some of the Anglo-Indian
travellers gazed with ﬁerce disgust; the hand-
some Hasan, being black, was such a ﬂagrant
case of a “ native.” . _

It is really heart-breaking to see what we
are sending to India now. The mail days are
dreaded; we never know when some brutal
outrage may possibly excite “ MusSulman fa-
naticism.” They try their hands on the Arabs,
in order to be in good training for insulting
Hindoos. The English tradesmen here com-
plain as much as any of the natives ; and I, who,
to use the words of the Kadee of El-Uksur, am
“ not outside the family” (of Ishmael, I pre-
sume), hear what the Arabs really think. There
are also crowds, “ like lice,” as one Mohammad
said, of low Italians, French, etc.; and I'ﬁnd
my stalwart Hasan’s broad shoulders no super-
ﬂuous “pork-respect” about the Frangee quar-
ter. Three times I have been followed and

