 

THE RISING NILE. 297

and I walkedhome very sad about poor El—
Bedrawee. .

Friday, July 7.—-.--It has been so intensely hot
that I have not had pluck to go on with my
letter, or indeed to do anything but lie on a
mat in the passage, with a minimum of clothes
quite indescribable in English. “ El-hamdu-
lillah l” laughs Omar, “ that I see the clever
English people do just like the lazy Arabs.”
The worst is, not the positive heat, which has
not been above 104°, and as low as 969 at
night, but the horrible storms of hot winds
which are apt to come on at night, and pre-
vent one’s even lying down till twelve or one
o’clock. Thebes is bad in the height of sum-
mer, on account of its expanse of desert, and
sand and dust. The Nile is pouring down
gloriously, but really as red as blood—more
crimson than a Herefordshire lane; and in 'the
far distance the reﬂection of the pure blue sky
makes it deep violet. It had risen ﬁve cubits a
week ago; we shall soon have it all over the
land here. It is a beautiful and inspiriting
sight to see the noble old stream as young and
vigorous as ever. No wonder the Egyptians
worshipped the Nile; there is nothing like it.

