 

38 LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

“ Ah! Fellaheen ! " with a contemptuous pity,
when they see me watch the villagers at work.

The other day four huge barges passed us,-
towed by a steamer, and crammed with some
hundreds of the poor souls, who had been torn
from their homes to work at the Isthmus of
Suez or some palace of the Pasha’s for a no-
minal piastre (three halfpence) a day, ﬁnding
their own bread and water and cloak. One of
my crew, Abd-er-Rasool, a-black savage whose
function it is to jump overboard whenever the
rcpe gets entangled or anything is wanted,
recognized some relations of his own from
a village close to Aswan. There was much
shouting, and poor Abd-er-Rasool looked very
mournful all day. It may be his turn next.
Some of the crew disloyally remarked that
they were sure the men there wished they
were working for a Sitt Inkeleeyeh, as Abd-
er-Rasool told them he was. Think, too, what
splendid pay it must be that the boat-owner
can give out of £25 a month to twelve men,
after taking his own proﬁts, -—the interest of
money being enormous!

When I call my c1ew black, don’t think of
negroes. ”They are elegantly-shaped Arabs,-

