308 ‘ LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

he is serving his time. I was very sorry to
lose his company. Fancy, how dreadquy ir-
regular for one of the Ulema and a heretical
woman to travel together! What would our
bishOps say to a parson who did such a
thing!

We had a lovely time on the river for three
days, and such moonlight nights! so soft and
lovely; and we had a sailor, who was as good
as an Alatee, or professional singer. He sang
religious songs, which, I observe, excite these
people more than -love songs. One, which
began, “ Remove my sins from before thy
sight, - 0 God,” was really beautiful and
touching, and I did not 'wonder at the tears
which streamed down Omar’s face. A very
pretty profane song ran thus ;—“ Keep the
wind from me, O Lord! I fear it will hurt
me” (wind means love, which is like the si-
moom). “Alas! it has struck me, and I am
sick! Why do ye bring the physician! 0
physician, put back thy medicine in the ca-
nister, for only he who has hurt can cure me.”

N .B. The masculine pronoun is always used
instead of the feminine in poetry, out of de-
corum ; ‘ sometimes even in conversation.

 

 

