356 LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

Queen of England, upon which the Abab’deh
acted the ceremonial of presentation at the
Court of Darfoor, where you have to rub your
nose in the dust at the king’s feet. Then we
went out with lanterns and torches, and the
Abab’deh danced the sword-dance for us. It is
performed by two men with round shields and
great straight swords. One dances a pas seal of
challenge and deﬁance, with prodigious leaps
and pirouettes, and Hah! Hah’s! Then the
other enters, and a grand ﬁght ensues. When ‘
the handsome Sheykh Hasan bounded out, the
scene was really heroic. All his attitudes
were alike grand and graceful.

They wanted Sheykh Yoosuf to play the
Arab single-stick—“ en-Nebboot,” and said he
was the best man hereabouts at it; but as his
sister died lately, he would not. One of them
expressed a great desire to learn “ the ﬁght-
ing of the English.” He little knows how he
would get pounded by English ﬁsts.

Another night I went to tea in Lord
boat. Their sailors gave a grand fantasia,
curiously like a Christmas pantomime. One
danced like a woman (Columbine), and there
was a regular Pantaloon, only “ more so,” and

’s

 

 

 

 

