‘ THE SAKIYEH SONG. ' 233

gun, and the wind is enough to mix up heaven
and earth, but it is not distressing, like the
Cape south-easter, and though hot, not chok-
ing like the khamaseeu in Cairo and Alexan-
dria. Mohammad brought me some of the
new wheat just now. Think of harvest in
March'and April! These winds are as good
for the cr0ps here as a “nice steady rain " is
in England. It is not necessary to water as
much when the wind blows strong.

- As I rode through the green ﬁelds along the
dyke, a little boy sang, as he turned round on
the musically-creaking Sékiyeh (the water-
wheel turned by an ox), the one eternal Sai-
-kiyeh tune. The words are ad libitum, and ‘
my little friend chanted :-——“ T urn, O Sakiyeh,
to the right, and turn to the left; who will
take care of me if my father dies? Turn, 0
sakiyeh, etc. Pour water for the ﬁgs and the
grapes, and for the water-melons. T urn,” etc.
etc. Nothing is so pathetic as that Sékiyeh
song. _ ,

I passed the house of the Sheykh—el-Abab’-
deh, who called out to me to take coffee. The
moon rose splendid, and the scene was lovely:
.the handsome black-brown sheykh in dark

