20 LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

in. This was still poorer than the last; for
there were no mats or rags of carpet, a still
worse cooking place, and a sort of dog-kennel,
piled up of loose stones to sleep in; it con-
tained a small chest, and the print of human
forms on the stone ﬂoor. It was however
quite free from dirt, and perfectly sweet. I
gave the young woman'who had led me in
sixpence, and here the difference between Turk
and Arab appeared. The division of this sum
created a perfect storm-of noise, and we left.
ﬁve or six Arab women outshrieking a whole
rookery. I ought to say, however, that no
one begged at all. t

I. suppose I shall be thought utterly para— "

doxical when I deny the much talked-of dirt.
The narrow, dingy, damp, age-blackened, dust-
crusted, unpaved streets of Cairo are sweet as
roses compared to those of the “ Centre of Ci-
vilization ;” moreover an Arab crowd does not
stink, even under this sun. I beg to say that
S will take her oath of this, contrary as it
is to our most cherished illusions. They are
ragged, utterly slovenly, and covered with dust,
but they do wash their bodies, and they don’t
diffuse that disgusting human odour which of-

 

 

 

 

 

