68 LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

send him twice my handful of rice for his
dinner,—an honour so great that there was a
murmur of congratulation through the whole
assembly. I asked Omar how a man could
' be a saint who neglected all the duties of -a
Muslim, and I found that he fully believed
that Sheykh Seleem could be in two places at
once; that while he sits there on the shore,
he is also at Mecca performing every sacred
function, and dressed .all in green. “ Many
people have seen him there, ma’am; quite
true.”

From Belyeneh we rode on pack donkeys -

without bridles, and only my saddle, to Aby-
dus, six miles through the most beautiful
crops ever seen. The absence of weeds and
blight is wonderful, and the green of Egypt,
where it is green, would make English green

look black. Beautiful cattle, sheep, and ca- '

mels were eating the delicious clover, while
their owners camped in reed huts, during the
time the crops are growing. Such a lovely
scene, all sweetness and plenty ! We ate our
bread and dates in Osiris’s temple, and a wo-
man oﬁ'ered us buffalo milk on our way home,
which we drank warm out of the huge earthen

