THE FELLAE GIRL. 299

the law,” no! Mustafa intends to give you a
grand fantasia if you come, and to have the
best dancing-girls down from Esneh for you.

I have been “ too lazy Arab,” as Omar calls
it, to go on with my Arabic lessons, and Y00-
suf has been very busy with law business con-
nected with the land and the cr0ps. Every
harvest brings a fresh settlement of the land.
Wheat is selling at one pound the ardebb here
on the threshing-ﬂoor, and barley at .a hun-
dred and sixteen piastres; I saw some Nubians
pay Mustafa that. He is in comic perplexity
about such enormous gains. You see it is ra-
ther awkward for a Muslim to thank God for
dear bread; so he compounds by lavish alms...
giving. He gave all his Fellaheen clothes the
other day,—forty calico shirts and drawers.

Do you remember my describing an eman-
cipirtes Frdulein at Asyoot'! Well, the other
day .I saw, as I thought, a nice-looking lad
of sixteen selling corn to my Opposite neigh-
bour, a COpt. It was a girl. Her father has no
sons, and is inﬁrm, so she works in the ﬁelds
for him, and dresses and does like a man; she
looked very modest, and was quieter in her
manner than the veiled women often are.

