192 LETTERS FROM EGYPT.

down last night and I tried him to-day, and he
is very satisfactory, though alarmingly small,
as the real Egyptian donkey always is; the big
ones are from the Hejaz. But it is wonderful
how the little creatures run along under one,
as easy as possible, and they have no will of
their own. I rode mine out to El-Karnak and
back, and he did not seem to think me at all
heavy. I could put him in my pocket, but .
his vigour and spirit are amazing. When they
are overworked and over-galIOped, they become
bad on the legs and easily fall. All those
for hire are quite stumped up, poor beasts!
they are so willing and docile that every one
overdrives them.

I have a letter for the Comte de Rougé, the
great Egyptologist, whose steamer has just come
down here ; Mariette Bey is with him. I hope

.they will turn out good company. I have seen
Lord and Lady S ,and several other English
travellers. One never hears pe0ple’s names
here; so unless they like to call on me, the
boats come and go, and I don't know who is in
them. The Arab servants never know their
English masters’ names, and never ask.

I am getting on with Arabic, but it is very

 

 

