TOMB 0F AARON. 291

which interrupt the solitary enjoyment that one ex-
pects here.

There are remains which prove that much labor and
care Have been bestowed upon the tomb, which is now
a dingy, mutilated vestige of early architecture. We
found small portions of a ruined mosaic pavement. Inthe
crypt below, where they suppose the body of Aaron to
have been deposited, is a .small niche in which were
lamps, and a larger recess where were also lamps, not
burning. This recess, which is supposed to contain the
hallowed body, was enclosed by a rusty iron grate. In
the room above is a round polished black stone, or
piece of glass, inserted in the wall, about which is a
great deal of mystery, and which appears to be a very
sacred object.

Upon'the whole side of the hill, once terraced, are
scattered fragments of polished marble, which show it
to have been the site of other buildings, and near the
foot are remains of what was, doubtless, a reservoir.

We thought of poor Burckhardt sacriÔ¨Åcing his lean
goat on the plain at the other side, and then being
compelled to hasten on without going up. , Yet he
seemed to have formed a very just notion of the real
condition of the place.

