cons'rmmorm l l

which occupied a ﬁne position for observing the
display.

As the Sultan left his palace guns were ﬁred simul-
taneously from a battery adjoining and a Turkish
frigate near. by, which latter was decorated with the
ﬂags of various nations, among them that of our own
country. Our frigate was at a considerable distance
from the palace, so that we had ample time to watch the
gilded, fairy-like barges as they approached us on their
way. There were ﬁve or six of them, each having
twenty-four oarsmen, dressed alike in white shirts of
silk and crape and red fezes. The Sultan was alone in
a white and highly gilded barge, differing from the
others only in having a canopy of velvet and gold. As
they came near Capt. L— saluted with a tremendous
crash, and as the Sultan passed along the ﬁring con-
tinued from French and other frigates, all highly deco-
rated with banners. Loud gunstfrom the Porte were
also ﬁred to announce his departure from the palace,
and altogether it was a gay, exciting, and hearty dis-
play of homage and adulation. It was a novel and odd
way, though, to us Puritans, of going to church in the
midst of the smoke and roar of cannon.

