Bosrnonus. 35

baned heads (which might honor a philosoPher) peeping
out of them, the stolen vision of gardens of roses and
cypresses lying beyond the open gate, the women shuf-
ﬂing along upon the quays, the eﬂ'endis, walking or
riding, followed by the never-failin g pipe-bearer, the
poor little donkeys with open panniers of black bread,—
all these, and a thousand other objects, afford an un-
wearying inducement to the stranger to undergo the
miseries of a cramped pesition.

Roumeli Hissar, or the Castle of Europe, with its
numerous round towers and massive embattled walls,
rising from the water’s edge and stretching up the
sloping promontory, stands proudly pro-eminent and
attractive. On the Opposite shore is the less imposing
Anadoli Hissar, or Castle ' of Asia, built upon a low
promontory, near which is the Gieuk Sou, or Sweet
Waters of Asia.

Some of the largest and most beautiful palaces, be-
sides those of' the Sultan, belong to different female
members of his family, and although of little architec-
tural merit, are peculiar and striking. They are of
great length, and built so that one story projects above
another by means of curved timbers, and the upper
rooms overhang the quays in front of them. The mul-
tiplicity of latticed windows gives them lightness, and
has a pretty eﬁ'ect. The palace of Said Pacha, near to
them, with numerous projections, and in the same style
of architecture, is situated directly upon one of the
rapids, where it is necessary to take men with ropes, in

