182 mm: or KALABSHA.

“ At the foot of the hill, in the midst of the village,
and reaching down to the river, is the ruin of a very
large temple. The front of the temple consists of a
large propylon of great beauty and simplicity, with a
gate in the centre, by which the portico is entered;
. there had been a colonnade along the side wall of the
latter, but one column only 'now remains, three feet
three inches in diameter; the fragments of the others
are lying in the area. On each side of the portico, and
communicating with it, is a narrow, dark passage, with
a door opening into the area, Which surrounds the tem-
ple, opposite a large gateway formed in the wall of the
outer, or general inclosure.

“ The front of the pronaos is decorated with four
beautiful columns and two pilasters; the columns are
united by a wall rising to half their height, similar to
what is seen at ‘Dakka, Dendoor, &c., a mode of con-
struction belonging apparently to the time when the
temples at 'ﬁntyra and Philae were built. The roof
of the pronaos has fallen in, and now covers the ﬂoor;
of the columns that supported it, only two remain.

“ There are no sculptures of any kind, either on the
propylon or in the pronaos, except on the back wall of
the latter, or rather on the front wall of the eella,
where the twooheaded Briareus, under the hand of the
victor, and protected by Osiris. is the most conspic-
uous. ‘ .
“The eella is ﬁfteen paces in length by nine in
breadth, and projects several feet into the pronaos, thus

