84 ARMENIAN WEDDING.

was followed by three bishops, all arrayed in stiﬂ‘,
rustling, somewhat imposing, and altogether gorgeous
robes of embroidered silver and gold cloth. The mitre
of each was more splendid than any we saw in Italy,
sparkling, like every thing else, with diamonds. After
the bishops came eight priests, in robes of velvet, a
good deal faded, and greatly inferior to those of the
bishops, and having on their heads melon-shaped caps
of black velvet, embroidered with gold. They had also
long beards.

The archbishop and bishop took the chairs that were
placed for them at the upper part of the circle, the
priests arranged themselves upon the cushions around
the sides. Two boys, holding a taper eight feet high '
and several inches in circumference, wreathed with
garlands of white roses, stood on either side.

Then came the bride and bridegroom, with the fa-
ther and brother of' the bride, the latter of whom
acted as sponsor,‘ The bride and groom took their
places at the lower part of the circle. One of the
priests stepped forward and drew their foreheads to-
gether so that they touched. The brother held between
their faces a small cruciﬁx of gold. The archbishop
sang, with a nasal twang, something in Armenian; then
a second priest stepped forth and threw over the neck
of both a golden cord. The nasal chant, which was
perhaps a prayer, was then taken up by a third priest,
and then another cord was put round the heads of
both. The chant was then continued by a fourth priest.

