246 on cmvm.

that have been formed by single ﬁles of camels, mark
the way across the desert, which is rather a hard gravel
than sand; and one is never more conscious of the unal-
terable nature of this pe0p1e than when regarding these
little dark-lookin g lines, which have known no change
for ages, and some of which were, perhaps, laid out by
the feet of the Israelitish host. We frequently met re-
turn caravans from Suez, following the various paths.

A large, clumsy coach, with several horses, over
which the driver cracked his whip as he was leaving one
of the station-houses between Cairo and Suez, bespoke
the innovation of another race. This was one of the
coaches belonging to the Transit Company, and was the
last we saw of carriages for many weeks.

Let us now take a survey of our caravan and see what
impression the uncurbed, sturdy sons of the desert make
upon us. At ﬁrst we were any thing but satisﬁed with the
exchange we had made of the long-tried familiar faces
and habits of the Egyptians and Nubians for this more
grave, iron-visaged set of mortals. We missed the lazy,
soothing tones of the darabooka; and when weary of in-
effectual attempts to entertain ourselves by conversa-
tion we applied for the restoring power of music, they
obligingly set up a sort of dirge that was so grating to
our ears as to prevent all farther demands upon their
vocal accomplishments.

' We had made up our minds to distrust the chief of
chiefs, old Sheikh Hoseyn; we were to shun him from
principle. And yet, the delicate and regularly beauti-

