Entrance to Plzz'lae.—-—Assouan. I o I

row, with lovely soft lights thrown upon them, and
the river twisting and winding about in the sharpest
and most picturesque turns, form .altogether one of
the prettiest and wildest scenes I have yet visited.
Some of the party compared it to Killarney, in Ire-
land. The weather to-day was delicious, a nice fresh
breeze blowing from the north. The service was
read by the Prince in the morning.

March 8. Awoke very early, and got up at six, to
see the beautiful entrance to Philae; and any thing
prettier than it all looked on our arrival here this
fresh bright morning it is impossible to conceive.
The view of the old temple—itself a beautiful object
—surrounded by palms, with rocks and hills in the
distance, and the Nile winding round it on all sides,
is simply lovely.

We arrived at. ten o’clock, and at twelve started on
donkeys for Assouan, where we arrived at 1.30, hav-
ing stopped on the way to see an unﬁnished obelisk,
just as it was cut out from the quarry, probably thou-
sands of years ago !

The ride 1n the middle of the day was rather hot.
Arrived at Assouan, we lunched, and again took pos-
session of our beautiful old home, our dahabeah,
which, after the narrow quarters in the other boat,

