I62 yournal of a. Visit to Egypt, (5?.

shik-Tas ” and saw from there the procession of the
Sultan going in state to mosque. It was a very ﬁne,
and even grand sight: the Sultan himself riding a
beautiful ﬂea-bitten gray horse, and all the generals
and principal ministers attending on horseback in
full uniform: 5000 soldiers were out in honor of the
occasion, and lined the streets. But the most inter-
esting sight of all to me was the opposite high bank,
which was, so to say, covered with the native ladies
in their white yashmalas (or Eastern veils) and bright-
colored dresses. It really produced the effect of a
beautiful bright ﬂower-garden. The Sultan’s eldest
son, Prince Izzedin, ten years old, commanded his
regiment, and saluted his father going by, and after-
ward came up to pay his respects to the Prince and
Princess!

Returned to our palace at one o’clock, when the
Prince received a deputation from the English resi-
dents here. After luncheon we went in state ca'iques
up the Golden Horn, to the Sweet Waters of Europe,
where there was a great gathering of peeple, especial-
ly of women, in their bright costumes, which are of
every color of the rainbow, mostly blue, red, and yel-
low, but with some of beautiful browh and gray tints,

which softened down the effects of the others, and-

. produced a perfect harmony of coloring.

 

 

