___,. —‘—_._— ..._-__ l

Kantam.—-Camek.——Port Said. 149

been in Egypt; and all seem to delight in the pleas-
ures of rides and picnics in the desert.

After a short delay at Senil e1 Guisr,'w'e embarked
in the Zeaet cl Bachemen (the steamer the Duke of
Sutherland had up the Nile), and breakfasted on
board. The French party followed in a small steam-
er, and the journey was now continued up the canal
toward the Mediterranean. About every ten minutes
we passed some of the gigantic dredges and wonder-
ful machines for cutting out the canal, which, when
completed, will be from ﬁve to six metres deep.

At Kantara we saw a large caravan of camels, etc.,
this being, from time immemorial, the road for cara-
vans from Egypt to Syria.

At 5.30 we arrived at Port Said, and a very pretty
gay sight it was. Salutes were ﬁred from the Mah-
roussa, the Viceroy’s yacht, and other ships, and all
vessels “ dressed ship” and manned yards—a very
pretty scene in the evening light. Went on outside
the en trance of the canal to see the breakwaters,
which are made of blocks of concrete, of which 2500
have been laid down, at a cost of £16 each. Alto-
gether the expenses of the whole undertaking seem so
large, that, in my stupid mind, I can not understand
its being possible that it can ever pay. The Viceroy
has already given eight millions, and I think it has

