 

 

Dn'w t/zroug/z Pam. '16 I

any thing but ﬁne to-day, may have had much to do
with it. ..

The Prince went soon afterward to pay the Sultan
a visit at his palace of Dolma-Batchi. Raouf Pasha
(whom I knew a little in England), Mustapha Bey,
equerries, and Spiridion Bey and J alib Bey, ofﬁciers
d’ordonnance, are the ofﬁcers attached to the Prince
during his stay here.

After luncheon we all drove out, going round Pera,
and called at the British Embassy. On our way back
we had to go down a most fearfully steep hill, which
was,-indeed, almost precipitous, and wound round in
sharp turns. Hearing that the postilions and all our
present “ equipages” had only been got up within the
last two months on purpose for us, I did not feel at
all conﬁdent that we should escape with all our lives
and limbs, especially as the streets are so narrow that
in some of them. there was hardly standing—room on
each side of the carriages. There was certainly noth—
ing Oriental or pretty about the part' of the town we
saw to-day.

We dined at seven o’clock, the Sultan’s band play-
ing during dinner in the big hall. It is a splendid
one of 100 musicians; Guatelli Pasha, an Italian,
leading it.

April 2. At 11.30 we went to the Palace of “ Be-

.._.

