ASCENT OF THE PYRAMID. 39

appear the sides, the larger the blocks of stone, the greater
the height; and when a stand is taken at the base, and the
spectator sees the task before him in all its magnitude and
difﬁculty—such as it is,—I do not wonder that he feels, as I
did, some disinclination to attempt it. For myself, I must
say, that, recollecting how I had suffered in clambering up
the sides of Mount Vesuvius, I was not without apprehension
of what might possibly be the consequences of the toil neces-
sary to mount to the top of the Pyramid, and I stood for some
time in doubt whether to make a trial or not. The other
gentlemen of the party started ﬁrst, each with three of the
Bedawin for assistants, in climbing up from one layer of stone
to another; and after hesitating awhile, I, too, began the
- ascent. Three Arabs accompanied me; one took hold of an
arm, another of another, and a third helped me up when the
stones were very large, and I found it hard to pick my way.
The northeast Corner is usually the point of starting, and in
consequence of the fractures of the corners and sides of the
stones, which have been made at various times, and the fre-
quency of the ascent, the north side is decidedly the best
and easiest to climb up. It was slow work, however, and
very difﬁcult and trying to me, as you may suppose when
you know that the stones are four and ﬁve feet thick, and
afford but a narrow resting-place for the feet, as you gradu-
ally get higher and higher. Many persons who are good
climbers go up alone, but I assure you, that I could hardly
have done it without the aid of the Arabs, 'nor without occa-
sionally stopping to rest and recover breath. Practice has
rendered these people so agile, that it is no uncommon thing
for one of the Bedawin to go up to the top of the Pyramid in
ﬁve minutes; others, too, have done it in ten and twelve min-
utes; it took me, however, better than half an hour to reach
the summit, with, at the same time, excessive fatigue, and
feeling very hot and uncomfortable. But, of course, my feel-
ings do not form any criterion for persons in general, who can

