QUARRIES or SYENE. 101

native Cicerone, a portly Hadgee, named Mo-
hammed Hassan, who speaks just enough Italian
to make himself useful in such a capacity, we
set out upon asses to the Eastern Desert to
visit those wonderful granite quarries—the quar-
ries of Syenel—from whence were cut the
obelisks that four thousand years ago adorned
the cities of Thebes, Memphis, and Heliopolis
——those precious monuments of a civilization
which preceded by tens of centuries the civili-
zation of the rest of the world! Strange to
say, so few of these obelisks have been suf-
fered to remain in Egypt, that Rome alone is
richer in them than the whole land of the
Pharaohs from the Delta to the Cataracts.
Uncared for and unvalued here, those beauti-
ful pillars form the pride and the ornament of
foreign capitals—truly may the saying be ap-
plied to them of a prophet not being honoured
in his own country! Through the drifting
sands we could plainly distinguish the beds
from which those vast monoliths had been cut;
but how they could be so cleanly cut, and how
raised, was by no means so plain to our com-
prehension. One unﬁnished obelisk lies there
just as it was abandoned, (who shall say how

many ages ago?) and, save that it has been

VOL. I. M

