A SHOAL OF CROCODILES. 155

and gratiﬁcation than I experienced this morn-
ing among the all—but—contemned columns of
this work of “ modern times.”

I have been debating with myself before I sat
down to write, whether it would not be allowable
for me to attempt to cut a scientiﬁc ﬁgure with
you, and, assuming a fastidious tone based upon
a thorough knowledge of the subject, express
myself contemptuously upon the decline of Egyp-
tian art as visible in the sculptures of Esneh.
But truth has prevailed over vanity, and I give
you my impressions in all their honesty and all
their ignorance. Keep them to yourself, how-
ever, for I do not say but that when I return
home with my hieroglyphical education com-
pleted by the running commentaries I am now
in the course of making through the land, I may
not indulge in some superb disdain when speak-
ing of the Egyptian temples constructed in the
times of the Greek Ptolemies and the Roman
Emperors; and getting CZ cheval upon my Pha-
raonic lore, turn up my nose knowingly at the
degeneracy of art exhibited at Esneh and other
ediﬁces of the same date—so pray be discreet!

This evening a large shoal of crocodiles—at
least twenty or thirty-swam past our boat, some

of them of prodigious length, and all of them so

