100 RAILROAD TO SUEZ.

and would enable travellers to go orerlaml from
London to Calcutta, 'cz'ri Marseilles, without
ever having recourse to post-horses, except for
a few stages between Paris and Chalons-sur-
Saonel

As in all places local politics take precedence
of general ones, I have heard the pour ct contra
of the railway question much canvassed since I
have been in Cairo; and it has been my good
fortune to form the acquaintance of one who has
the power of explaining the advantages accruing
from such an undertaking better than any one
else could possibly do, as by him and by his
late brother, Galloway Bey, the original idea
was conceived of thus as it were diminishing the
distance between the Red Sea and the Nile, and
squeezing the weary passage of the Desert into
an agreeable three hoursâ€™ morning drive. These
gentlemen submitted their great plan to Mo-
hammed Ali, who possesses both genius to ap-
preciate and energy to execute such a conception,
were he left to his own unbiassed judgment;
and so much did he then approve of it that he
empowered Messrs. Galloway to send for machi-
nery and rails to England in order to commence
operations. But before that could be accom-
plished, foreign intrigue had been effectually at

