BEDRECHEIN. 365

is at Beni Hassan, where nature and art appear
to have combined to deprive the grave of its
greatest horrors.

\Ve descended at sunset, to partake of a dinner
given to us by Reis Ali, who had put into requi-
sition the markets of E’Siout to do us honour,
and was nearly inconsolable at not being able to
procure a bottle of champagne to add to the ﬁne
turkey, the whole lamb, the pilafs, and puddings
he had prepared for us. Honest Reis Ali ! I be-
lieve he would have given us his heart too if he
thought we could have eaten it.

At anchor off Old Cairo, Jan. 14, 1846.

\Ve continued to ﬂoat calmly down the river
to the never-ending songs of our boatmen, cross-
ing several more Dahabiehs on their way to the
Cataracts, but seeing nothing worthy of note ex-
cept the distant Pyramids looming largely upon
us as we advanced,———unti] the morning of the
13th (yesterday), when we arrived at the little
village of Bedrechein, the nearest landing-place
from which the Pyramids of Sakkara can be
approached. There we went on shore, procured
donkeys, and had a charming ride over the site
of ancient Memphis, where now stands the vil-
lage of Mctrahinch, cmbosomed in a magniﬁcent

