58 THE MEMLOOKS.

One of the descendants of Salah-e’-deen, not
relying upon the ﬁdelity of his Egyptian subjects,
and wishing to secure a force entirely devoted to
himself, purchased twelve thousand Circassian
and Mingrelian slaves, and formed them into a
guard, upon which was bestowed the denomina-
tion of Memlooks. But these strangers soon
perceived their power, and reversed the authority
that had conferred importance upon them; they
recruited their own force from the same source
from which they themselves had been drawn, and
having no patriotic interest in Egypt—in short
being merely mercenaries—they thought only

of enriching themselves by rapine, plunder, and
extortion. This system continued during the
dynasties of the Aglobites and Baharides, and
ﬁnally, about the end of the fourteenth century,
they became sovereigns of the country under the
title of the Memlook Sultans. ‘Vhen Egypt was
conquered in the sixteenth century by the Porte,
of which it became the tributary, the Turkish
Sultan, Selim the First, found that owing to the
great distance which separates the vanquished
territory from the seat of government, it would

be impossible at least impolitic—to divest the

 

Memlooks entirely of their power: probably, too,

he counted upon their allegiance as a check upon

