BAZAARS. 4.9

branch of trade, and each closed at night by a
chain and wooden doors, which are guarded by a
watchman. As far as I can judge from one day’s
ride through the Bezesteens of Cairo, they are
immeasurably inferior to those of Constantinople;
even the Turkish bazaar there is a poor affair,
and one vainly seeks for any of those gaudy triﬂes
which render a shopping expedition in the City of
the Sultan so agreeable a lounge. And this is
the more to be wondered at, as everything in the
way of dress and ornament for the hareems of the
wealthy Caireens is brought to this country from
Constantinople, and the Egyptian women are said
to be extremely fond of ﬁnery, especially jewel-
lery. But the noise, the bustle, the jostling of
the streets of Cairo, who shall attempt to de-
scribe? ‘Vith the recollection of the taciturn
Turks, so full of decent dignity, vividly before
me, and the impression that. all Oriental popu-
lations must be grave and quiet like that of
Constantinople, I was not prepared for the scene
of confusion presented by the interior of Cairo,
where everybody screams, and gesticulates, and
pushes right and left to make good their own
way among the dromedaries, camels, horses, and
asses, which incessantly circulate through those
narrow causeways. Then, the itinerant venders
VOL. I. E

