188 UPPER EGYPT.

dragoman is essential (p. xxii). A contract with him must be drawn
up stipulating for the price and duration of the voyage, the style of
living, the maintenance of the dahabiyeh in a good and efﬁcient
condition, and the providing of a small boat to be at all times at
the disposal of the traveller. A clause should also be inserted re-
lieving the travellers from all responsibility for any damage to the
dahabiyeh or its contents, not due to their fault; and ﬁnally both
parties should expressly agree to submit all disputies as to the car-
rying out of the contract to the arbitration of the consul in Whose
presence it has been signed.

Experienced travellers will ﬁnd a very much cheaper mode of
conveyance than the dahabiyeh in one of the native Sailing Boats or
Felaka, which are used for the transport of sugar-cane, cotton, etc.,
and are to be found in all the larger towns, such as Cairo, Minyeh,
Assiﬁt, Girgeh, Assuan, etc. No luxury, of course, must be looked
for, but its absence is compensated by the close relations with the
land and people into which the traveller is brought. Woollen cover-
lets, a mattress, towels, an oil cooking-stove [obtainable in Cairo),
tinned meats, a ﬁlter (sir), and insect-powder must not be forgotten.
A young attendant with some knowledge of cooking may be obtained
for ‘2 or 3 fr. per day. A Written contract must be carefully drawn
up to include all details.

