GOOD-B YE T0 not YP T. 229

“ Well,” saidGrace, “ I shall try to help him
all I can. I do certainly hope that he will grow
up a happy and useful man. If it hadn’t been
for him I might be lying cold and dead to-day;
and the life that he saved shall, to a certain
degree, be devoted to helping him out of the
waves of trial and temptation which all must
encounter. _

“ What a beautiful day this is! I want to
take in all this scene before we leave here.
Look at those women coming to the river to
ﬁll their jars. I have seen them so often, and
yet the picture is always new. Is it not won-
derful how they can go up hill and down with-
out ever touching the burden which they carry
on their heads? I shall never forget all this
Nile scenery: the burning sunsets, the cool,
quiet mornings, the moonlit nights, the old

columned temples, the mud-huts with pigeons
ﬂuttering over them. I shall hear the sakias
Bighing, the, sound of the darabouka, and the
Vinds waving the palm branches over my head,
Clan)? and many a time; and closing my eyes,
118-11 fancy that I am again ﬂoating on the

