90 A COPTIC’ WEDDING.

as milk, and cheeks all dimples and colour. I
took in all the beauty in that brief moment,
and have been so glad ever since that she gave
me such a pleasure.”

“ There she comes!” exclaimed Grace, as the
bride slowly made her appearance. A heavy
cashmere canopy enveloped her, and two little
boys walked just ahead, bearing censers, the
smoke of which must have poured directly into
the face of the poor girl with stiﬂing power.

“ Dear little thing!” exclaimed Mollie im-
pulsively. “How her young heart must be
throbbing under all that weight of gold coins
and load of lace! See, Grace, what a rich
white silk she has on ; and that ﬂowing thing
of lace—isn’t it exquisite? What a mass of
diamonds fastens her white face-veil to her
turban I ”

The gentlemen now joined the male friends, '
who walked in advance of the bride, while the
young ladies and their mother followed among
the female guests behind her. Two 'little
boys continually ran among them with silver .
ﬂasks in the form of a pomegranate, from

