I, A VISIT TO HELIOPOLIS.

ness as they leaned back on the cushions of
the earriage, the party proceeded toward that
famous city of the priests, the noble On, where
they were to look upon the oldest obelisk in
Egypt, hearing date, it is said, about two
thousand years before Christ. Their way lay
along a pleasant, shaded road, while around
them stretched fertile gardens and irrigated
ﬁelds of rice and corn. Now and then a little
donkey—boy passed them, singing his unmusical
songs. Miniature specimens of the rising
Egyptian generation occasionally darted out
of some rude tent or mud-hut, imploring the
travellers for backsheesh. Sometimes a car-
riage rolled slowly by, and Mollie and Grace
leaned eagerly forward, to catch a. glimpse of
dark languid eyes gazing into theirs in ques-
tioning silence.

At last they reached the old famous syca-
more-tree under whose branches, it is pre-
tended, the holy family rested in their ﬂight
into Egypt.

“ Now, young ladies,” said Mr. Gordon, as
they passed an old well, “you must drink from

