8 A VISIT T0 HELIOPOLIS.

other in time of need. If a companion is out
of work and poor, he never goes hungry; for
somebody is sure to share his frugal meal with
the destitute one, and help him up the hill of
difﬁculty. There are no orphan asylums in
Egypt, simply because one never ﬁnds any
orphans. So soon as a child is left parentless,
somebody who is childless adopts it and cares
for it as if it were his own.

So Yusuf, in his inexperience, found friends
among those of his own class, and began to
enjoy his new life in the bustling city very
much. One of his friends especially, a boy
about his own age, became, from his ﬁrst
appearance in Cairo, his boon companion.

Abdallah, for such was his name, had made
Yusuf‘s acquaintance in the following way :—
Our little friend had obtained a passenger at
the Cairo station, an English gentleman going
to Shepheard’s Hotel, and after leaving him
there, had stopped under one of the trees in
the broad street to rest a moment. Suddenly
he heard a rapid galloping, and a donkey dashed
past, carrying a portly Turk, who with difﬁ-

 

