108 YUSUF’S DETERMINATION.

following, and the great curiosity of their
costume lay in their caps, which were of
brown felt, and which Mollie declared looked
exactly like a ﬂower-pot.

Finally, after much bowing to the sheikhs,
a chapter of the Koran was read, and the
whirling began, to the music of a drum and ﬁfe.

At ﬁrst the whirlers went very slowly,
gradually quickening their speed, each one
turning on the soles of his feet, not the toes,
with his heels kept near together, during the
whole performance, which continued a full
half-hour, with only two short intervals of
three minutes each. They kept their arms
extended straight out from their shoulders,
with the back of one hand and the palm of
the other uppermost. Their eyes were nearly
closed, but not once did they jostle one an-
other, though there were twenty of them in
their revolving robes, whirling more and more
rapidly until the whole area assigned to them
was ﬁlled with the dizzy crowd.

Grace and her mother were obliged to close
their eyes, the performance made them so

‘-

 

 

 

