A VISIT TO HELIOPOLIS. 9

culty balanced himself on the ungainly saddle,
while the owner of the donkey was running
behind and shouting, “ Ish, ish! ” (stop). His
efforts were, however, quite in vain, the little
animal being under full speed, and having
apparently made up his mind to be stopped by
nothing. Everybody got cut of the way, and
there was quite an excitement around the
Esbekieh (public square or park) for a few
moments. But suddenly the little donkey
stumbled, and down went the rider rolling on
the ground. It was some time before he could
gather himself up, and when he did, with a
face scarlet with rage he started in pursuit
of the unlucky offender, who, however, was
already out of sight, donkey and all. Ab-
dallah—for it was he—knew that ﬂight was his
best safeguard, so he had mounted his steed
more quickly than I can write it; and when
the incensed man had recovered his senses, he
was mingling with the crowd in a narrow
street off the Mouski (the great thoroughfare~
of Cairo), singing his old songs, and just as
happy as ever.

