A RIDE TO THE PYRAMIDS. 59

insects swarming in the warm air; all around
waved green grain, and a tangled mesh of
ﬂowering lupin clustered here and there.
Palms beckoned friendly with their waving
branches; and Grace fancied that the breath
of the sweet morning was whispering Egyp-
tian secrets. Grace heard them, if it was so.
Earth always seemed to unfold its mysteries
to her with her poet soul.

“ This land is indeed a place for dreams,”
said Colonel Dayton thoughtfully, as they
advanced more slowly, and his horse walked
quietly by the carriage. “ Its Egyptian days
, are perfect; you seem to breathe the sun-
light; it creeps into your very lungs and
heart; the light has “a rich, creamy quality,
and the forms of the landscape are smoothed
and softened—not standing out sharp and
clear, as do ours.”

“ I used to think,” said Mollie, “when I
was a little child, that the East lay near the
rising sun, and always till now I have felt
what‘ an absurd little thing I was; but now
the old feeling comes back.”

