88 THE BOULAO MUSEUM.

dream.’ But, Mollie, aren’t you glad we are
going to the Boulac Museum this morning,
and in the afternoon to the Petriﬁed Forest?
What an interesting day it will be I”

The Boulac Museum is one of the chief
objects of interest in Cairo. Thanks to that
dauntless Frenchman, Mariette Bey, there is
now a ﬁne collection of Egyptian antiquities
on exhibition. For more than twenty years
this brave and patient man has laboured
through difﬁculties of every description; but
now. the Khedive has come to his assistance,
founded the Museum, and pays him a yearly
salary for the continuation of his work. The
Museum is open to visitors every day except
Friday, which is the Moslem Sabbath. Early
in the morning our friends, accompanied by
Colonel Dayton, Mr. Gordon, and a few others
from the hotel, started for this place of interest.

As they entered the building, which stands
on the bank of the Nile, their attention was
directed to two very ancient sarcophagi, the
oldest ever discovered. They are of granite,
square, and with ﬂat covers.

 

