62 A NILE JOURNAL.

that brown which, whether man or. build-
ing, is so Egyptian, save in the corner of
his sketch, where the wave quivered under
the already ﬁery kisses of the rising sun.
Above us, on the bank, are the huts and
tents of the scientiﬁc party. How beauti-
ful last night was the long line of lamps,
along their yard and side—man’s humble
return for the celestial pageant it cele-
brated. The Clam has friends among
them, and paid them a visit, but after their
severe labour and excitement they were
cooling off in their bath. Of the party, it
seems an amateur has the ﬁnest instrument,
‘ but as yet we hear nothing of what' they
have discovered. His name is Colonel
Campbell, and his dahabeah is one of the
largest and ﬁnest on the Nile; it is ex-
ternally adorned with palm branches quite
beautifully. 1

Since writing the above, we have visited
his tent, and seen his noble instrument.
. It rests upon a massive stone which he

brought from England. They have a little

 

