I 6 A NILE JOURNAL.

Few colours, the earth a golden brown,
villages of no other colour, save where
some white dome or shaft-like minaret
Sparkled above the acacia trees,—long
horizontals almost architecturally bound-
ing the borders of our Egyptian cup,—
vertical lines cutting into great blocks
of mountains, whose shadows, softly ﬁrm,
gave character and energy everywhere;
between the river and these grand cliffs,
always, alone or in groups, the palm, an
incomparable foreground, with its stem“
upright where an upright was needed, and
its rich strong leaves telling against the
golden shadowy hills; ﬁgures of men and
women marvellously accented against the
brightness, their deep blue dresses invalu-
able as emphasis where all is sunshine; _
the few animals,——the appealing and
mournful buffalo, and the grand twisted
camel silhouetted against the sunset like
the genius of the desert; of such as
these consists the picture which hourly
unrolls itself before our delighted eyes.

