A NILE JOURNAL. 63

ﬁeld- glass through which they practise
looking, to be sure of precision. The day
of the observation was especially suitable,
and one savant had a photographic appar-
atus which ﬁred second-shots at the sun
through the whole time. Here the sun at
his rising had Venus nearly across his
limb. Those savants four or ﬁve hours
farther east must have seen the whole
transit.

Off Erment, Monday, December 14th.

At last we are again aﬂoat, and how
soothing is this rippling water and our
tented deck after the burden of such a
weight of centuries upon the brain! We
have been ﬁve days at Luxor—four of them
of hard work, and one of needed repose.’
Fortunately for us the weather was cool
though windless, and our fatigue was more
of the mind than of the body. Valiantly
throwing off the bondage of Murray, who
advises the contrary, we began with Kar-
nak. Our American consul, a stately

