A NILE JOURNAL. 95

Rome left in our charge, has been at its
-merciless work. This temple is so undis—
turbed, except by such defacement,’ that
in the inner sanctuary is yet its Holy of
Holies. There is a tablet where it is said
was placed the ﬁgure of the god—the
Hawk-headed deity of Egypt—Hor—hat, as
Murray says, 0r according to Lepsius,
Hathor. We looked at it with deep
reverence as being perhaps the germ of
the Jewish tabernacle. The beautifully
pr0portioned columns of the ﬁrst court
have ﬂorid capitals. They all differ from
each other in luxuriant variety of design,
and here again, as at Esné, we saw the
palm bough which the old Egyptians
neglected. Indeed one capital was com-
posed entirely of these—the whole bough
down to its insertion in the trunk. And the
fern was elsewhere delicately cut, and
other plants. These capitals were of the
Corinthian order of \Egypt as compared to
the simpler lotus and papyrus-bud epoch.
In one corridor we saw what we did not

