A NILE JOURNAL. 75

up the statue’s back, and struck it with a
stone, when it resounded musically.

After the Colossi, Medinet Haboo. The
remains of temples here, less oppressively
sublime than those of Karnak, had fascina-
tions of their own. They were of the good
period, and their cuttings had that beautiful
precision and netteté which Rome vainly
' attempted to rival. One of the most
charming things here in the long corri-
dors, was the blue ceilings of starry sky,
still retaining their colours. The stars
were all ﬁve-pointed, with three points on
one side. And I stood where I could
compare the blue of this sky with the real
one beyond; they were wonderfully the
same; the temple sky seemed a continua-
tion of the one without. Eugenio and I
outlined some heads of character, quite
Jewish looking, at a conqueror’s triumph;
and the ladies wandered hither and
thither, a whole world of enigma and sug-
gestion inviting from the sculptured and
painted world of creatures around them,

