A NILE JOURNAL. - 2 5r

which remains, Howadgi and Arab have .
been more deadly enemies than the cen-
turies to what should have been sacred to
any one who respects the sanctity of death.

In this as in the other tombs, we de-
scended by an inclined plane to horizontal
walls, passing by lofty doors from one to
the other, with lateral chambers seven or
eight in number, and each square foot of
surface was either wOrd or picture. How
can one recall these striking things, which,
as wave chases wave, drive from the eye‘
and the memory each succeeding impres-
sion? But one-terrible picture, the most
impressive of its kind I ever saw, can
never be effaced. It was a solitary ﬁgure
standing on a platform. It had ascended
while the forty-two judges were watching
it, awed, but hopeful, before Osiris, who
was to absolve or condemn it. It was the
silhouette merely of a man. It might stand
for any human soul; the haughtiest king,
the poorest slave, must so look when wait-

ing the judgment of his God. But while

