A NILE JOURNAL. 147

porous water-jug on our table, of antique
pattern and breathing coolness, is sur-
rounded only with the ﬂowering bean.
And the birds—where are they? Those
myriads which danced like motes in the
evening’s beam? All is silence. Yet at
evening one little cry, ~just as the sun sets,
makes itself heard. It is not unlike the
whip-poor-will’s; it always seems the same
bird, for there is but one note, and the
bird is invisible. And not birds only, but
inhabitants are wanting; and, strangely
enough, Egypt’s pests—the nameless one
and the ﬂea—disappear in this air.
Yesterday we ﬂoated through a grand
solitude. There was no sign of a living
thing. Through the pure air the slightest
noise could reach us, yet all was dumb,
save where the river's only voice, now a
sigh when afar, now a moan when near, the
sakia could be heard. It is like a Greek
chorus to one of [Eschylus's tragedies,
with its eternal lament. It is said to be
the Ranz des Vaches of the Nubian, and

