172 A NILE JOURNAL.

forehead. We saw them turning a circular
millstone to grind doura in the most primi-
tive way. In deﬁance of Murray we were
offered nothing for sale, and heard no cry
for backsheesh. We met a solitary Greek
gentleman, who was glad last night to get
a bottle of wine from the Clara and a
cigar from us. He could talk somewhat
in Italian and French, and seemed hungry
for chat, and pronounced Derr dull as a
place for villagiatura.

Sunday, 3d.

It is perhaps desirable to have such
weather as we have today to teach us to
appreciate the gOOd. All journals dilate
to mawkishness upon the sweets of Nile
travelling, and few care to remember the
bitters. Our tempers to-day have been
severely tried, and both among the How-
adgi and the sailors what was begun in
play got a rough edge before it was over.
‘ The cook in a jolly tussle with a sailor
tried to throw him over board, and when

