1 20 A NILE JOURNAL.

that the people’s life is expressed by these
swift movements of the rudder, without
which it might go on the rocks, as may we
yet in our deferred ascent of the Cataract.

But that this is a crisis of real meaning
in our affairs is too plainly evident, for
.what does Democracy stand for, hatched as
it was in the scheming brain of that most
French of Americans, and truest of Vir-
ginians, Thomas Jefferson ?

Its meaning thus far has been a party
sustained and led at the North in the in-
terests of slavery. Can it have its old
meaning now that that service is dead and
buried for ever? It had the air of' being
not only American, but the true expression
of the honest popular will; but at heart it
was more Russian than American. For
the Southerner never was an American.
Whether he would or no he was the slave ‘
of the slave, and drank from his peculiar
institution that which is poison to Ameri-
can freedom. Perhaps the absence of
liberty of‘ Opinion, in no time and in no

 

