294 A NILE JOURNAL.

live on a kind of bread soup seasoned with
lentils, and do not drink wine, the con-
sumption of this is conﬁned to the cabin.
To be sure, the crew have had three sheep,
but the great number of Ruskallah’s cigars
have been divided among the cook, waiter,
crew, sheikhs, and consuls generally.

Tuesday, 16th.

We are in sight of Cairo, and even 'at
this distance the citadel towers up superbly.
Mingled with the real satisfaction with
which we look back on our voyage as
singularly fortunate in relation to health,
weather, and accidents, there is the in-
evitable regret which accompanies the ter-
mination of all pleasant things. All
partings have their serious side, but when
we dismiss, probably for ever, a mode of
life so unique as this, that seriousneSs
becomes sorrow. We have felt in our
little world so sheltered from the storms
that rage without in the world beyond it,—
we have so grown, as it were, into the Nile,

