206 A NILE JOURNAL. -

here found its complete satisfaction. Man
has allied, identiﬁed himself with Nature's
own indestructibility; he has stamped
himself into the everlasting hills, and
shares their life. -

We had time to visit the temple in full
light, feel the reverence which we could not
escape before the majestic Osirides, and
advance with ever—increasing awe till, at
the end of the third chamber, the adytum,
four featureless, mysterious ﬁgures, a faint
tremble of colour yet upon their limbs,
looked at us from the twilight rather as
spiritual presences than any thing made by
man. All that we have seen to hush in
reverence the soul in temple or cathedral
was as nothing before the terrible vague-
ness of these forms. We seemed, indeed,
passing from the judgment—seat of Osiris
into the realm of spirits. The terrible
indeterminateness of those faces, from
which we could neither" win a frown or
smile, was more impressive than could
have been any countenance which art

