222 A NILE JOURNAL.

news. There is something in genuineness
which has but one face. The cleverest
make-believe can never take in the spec-
tator if the artist himself disbelieved in his
work. These Romans are everywhere
simulating Egypt, but Egypt knows them
not. Their hollow, dead imitation of a
religion once alive painfully reminds us of
ceremonials in our own day from which all
ï¬‚avour of genuineness has passed away.
They are both but the echo of an echo.

A thorough bit of picturesqueness is the
little ruin of Gertasse, which we passed in
the afternoon without visiting. It lifts
itself with that pathetic beauty which
belongs only to death, with its few columns
and the mighty slab across them, shafts of
gold in the evening light, and with that
impressive solitude around it which makes
even a ruin in a city so commonplace.

Our sailors had rowed bravely through
the lovely weather. Nearly all day, like a
coin of silver, the moon was waning above us

and keeping all her splendours for Philae,

 

Tim-

