I40 A NILE JOURNAL.

real Cataract, the last and greatest. When
I say that it resembled for twenty feet the
least lively part of the rapids at Niagara,
an American can guess that it was some- .
thing serious for an African river. And
we had spectators of our triumph. A
government boat ﬁlled with American
ofﬁcers going on an expedition, with two
cannons and two hundred soldiers into the
heart of Africa,‘ came and admired us.
Their boat ﬂying at our heels, did in two
hours the distance from Assouan, while the
malevolent dervish had detained us seven
days. And the C [am came and looked at us.
We invited two of their number to share the
perils of an ascent, which accomplished, in
return, Miss Dudu shared in the excite—
ment of theirs. And so by the blessing of
Osiris (the surnamed Lord of the Cataract)
we were free to ﬂutter on to Philae, and
there breathe our unspoken gratitude near
his grave. Could we pass Phila: after our
unsatiated hunger, and with such a moon ?

The Clam had had a nibble at it on

