I74 A NILE JOURNAL.

powdered with rose leaves. N o ﬂower, no
shell, no pigment, could match its ethereal
delicacy. What evening can make out of
to-day’s materials for her punctual display
we wonder much, but she is too good an
economist to try for a surprise which would
be so out of keeping with the day and our
irritability. Why this south wind is so
cold I cannot ﬁnd out. Mountain-snow
and glaciers are too far off; there are too
many burning wastes between, and it must
sufﬁce for us that it is one mystery more
in a land so full of them.

If it were not that the north wind usually
blows, there could be no Howadgis on the
Nile. Apparently this is caused by an inﬂux
from the north to ﬁll the place made vacant
by the rarifying air of the Desert. Without
this wind no sail-boat could stem the cur-
rent; its return, though slow, whatever the
wind may be, is at least possible. It then
unships the long-yard, and drifts with what
help its little sail may give it with a
south wind. But occasionally there is no

