A NILE JOURNAL. 103

brick, after noticing a solitary pathetic
Egyptian god of granite and a mined gate-
‘ way, we looked far down the Nile of our
future. There was something terrible in
the scene. The rocks did not look like
those of earth as we knew them—they might
have belonged to another planet; and some
had the impossible grotesque aspect of
stage rocks in some opera., The river,
indented and islanded with these strange
masses, reminded me of Lake Winapis-
siogge. Like, but how different. On our
return the usual whispers were circulating
of a delay; some ill-behaved rocks were
badly placed for us at the present height
of the river. It was delightful to thus
overtake these playful stories in our books
of Nubian fashions.-

Sunday, 20th.

We have plenty of leisure, and while the
ladies reposed from the fatigue of two
nights of sailing, Eugenio and I donkeyed
off to the quarries. On the way we came

