 

 

INTERIOR on THE GREAT PYRAMID. 103

solitude are so desirable. Could we get rid of these provoking
trivialities, in standing before the small dark entry to the
hidden chambers of this mysterious monument, the vastness
of the pile, the enormous massiveness of the layers of stone,
and the two huge blocks forming an arch over the passage, the
wild heaps of sand driven up by the tempests from the lonely
desert aro'und, could rarely fail to produce, hackneyed as is the
feat of exploring the pyramids, a sense approaching to awe.
At the entrance, the stones follow the inclination of the
passage; there are a few foot-holes to aid you in descending
the slippery blocks. Stooping down at the entrance of the low
passage, four feet high, we began the sloping descent into the
interior. This ﬁrst passage continues on a slope, down to a

  

(‘1'! AI e t

  

subterranean room; but at the distance of 106 feet, a block of
granite closes it; and an upper passage ascends from this point
at an angle of 27°. Climbing by a few steps into the second
passage, you ascend to the entrance of the great gallery. From
this point a horizontal passage leads into what is called the
Queen’s Chamber, which is small and roofed by long blocks,
resting against each other and forming an angle: its height to
this point is about twenty feet. There is a niche in the east
end, where the Arabs have broken the stones in search for
treasure ; and Sir G. Wilkinson thinks, that “ if the pit where

 

 

