3 4 GEOGRAPHICAL FEATURES.

and the Lité‘tny. The Orontes passes by Antioch Into the
Mediterranean, near Seleucia; the Lithny rises near Ba’albek,
winds through the romantic gorges of Lebanon, and reaches
the Mediterranean near Beyrout. The two parallel chains
between which the Jordan has been described as ﬂowing,
may be looked upon as continuations of the ranges of
Libanus and Anti-Libanus.

“ Small as the Holy Land is on the map, and when con-
trasted either with modern states or with the two enormous
empires of Egypt or Assyria between which it lay, it seems
even smaller to the traveller as he pursues his way through
it. There are numerous eminences in the high lands, which
command the view of both frontiers at the same time—the
Eastern mountains of Gilead, with the Jordan at their feet,
on the one hand ; on the other, the Western Sea. Hermon,
the apex of the country on the north, is said to have been
seen from the southern end of the Red Sea; it is certainly
plain enough from many a plain near the centre. It is
startling to ﬁnd that from the top of the hills of Neby
Samwil, Bethe], Tabor, Gerizim or Safed, the eye can em-
brace at one glance, and almost without turning the head,
such opposite points as the Lake of Galilee and the Bay of
Akka, the farthest mountains of the Hauran, and the long
ridge of Carmel, the ravine of the Jabbok, or the green
windings of Jordan, and the sand-hills of Jaffa.”——(Smith’s
Dictionary of the Bible.)

The general character of the scenery of Palestine is stern
and sombre. It is no longer What it was before eighteen
centuries of war and ruin and neglect had passed over it.
“Above all other countries in the world,” says Dean Stanley,
“it is now a land of ruins. In Judea it is hardly an exag-
geration to say that, while for miles and miles there is no
appearance of present life or habitation, except the occasional

