104 ms ENGLISHWOMAN m EGYPT.

the Arab band rose from their cushions; and I was
surprised to recognise, when they came forward
without their tarhahs, or head-veils, the two ’A'l-
mehs of the preceding evening. They were taste-
fully attired, and a diamond crescent and star
glittered on the right brow of each. One were
also a charm, contained in a little box very ele-
gantly set with diamonds, and hung on a silk cord
which passed over her leﬁ shoulder and under her
right arm. Their dancing was odious; but they
were not merely dancers on this occasion: they sang
in turns, and their melody was so charming, there
was such a wild sweetness in the airs they sang,
the quality of their voices was so singularly rich,
and their execution was so wonderful, that had I
possessed ears without eyes, the treat which they
afforded would have been complete. As it was, I
could listen without looking at them, and thus
intensely enjoy the vocal performances of those
remarkable songstresses. It is really wonderful
that there should be a great similarity between their
style of singing and that which one bears in the
streets of Cairo, and yet that the effect of their
performances should be so enchanting. They were
succeeded by the young girls in pink and gold; and
theirinnoeent romping dance pleased us, as it never
failed to do; but soon the ’A'lmehs took their
places, and they continued dancing for some time,
joined by three others.

 

