THE nnomsnwoman IN EGYPT. 57

We passed, to-day, by the village of Kafr-ez-
Zeiyat, which exhibited a busy scene: numerous
visitors of the seyyid ' landing there, on their way
to Tanta, and others embarking to return to their
homes.

We arrived late at the village of Nadir, under
which we remained for the night. In the morning
we found ourselves surrounded by ﬁne buffaloes
standing in the water. Their milk is chieﬂy used,
and the butter made from it is very white and
sweet. We often saw numbers of these animals
standing or lying in the water, for the Nile is in
many parts extremely shallow, and abounds with
moving sandbanks. Hence the boats frequently
run aground, but they are generally pushed off
without much difﬁculty by means of poles, or the
crew descend into the water and shove the vessel
off with their backs and shoulders. In a calm, the
boat is towed by the crew; and in several cases
during our voyage, the whole boat’s crew, consist-
ing of ten men, were thus drawing it, while no one
remained with us but the Reyyis. It was astonish-
ing to see how well they performed this laborious
task, in the heat of July; very seldom stopping to
take rest, and then only for a short time. The
boatmen generally sing while the vessel is under
sail, and they often accompany their songs with
the rude music of the darebukkeh and zummarah,
which are a funnel—shaped earthen .drum and a

