ran nnamsnwonan 1N EGYPT. 161

well-dressed young Bedawees arrived near our
tent, the sons of the sheykh of a distant village.
After dismounting and loitering about for nearly
an hour, they confessed to one of our party that
they had ridden several miles in the hope of seeing
the faces of some European ladies, who, they had
been informed, were passing a few days at the
pyramids, and they were seriously disappointed on
ﬁnding veiled ladies only. A few weeks since
these same young men enjoyed the treat of seeing
an American lady who is travelling in Egypt, and
who is a beautiful person. A friend of ours asked
their opinion of the lady on that occasion, when
they replied that her appearance was “ excellent.”
“ But, ” exclaimed one of the young men, “ the
sword I the sword! if we dared to use it, we would
kill that man,” alluding to the lady’s companion,
“ whether her husband, or her brother, and take
her ourselves.” ’Tis well for pretty women tra-
velling in the East that these lawless Arabs are
kept under a degree of subjection by the present
government.

