ma momsnwouan IN ram; 45

conversation changed. She then came forward,
asked charity, obtained a few paras as usual from
each person, and retired to her hiding-place until
it became dark, when she followed the merchant
ﬁrst mentioned to his house. It was situated in
a miserable lane; and was as ruined and wretched
as its neighbourhood. Having remarked it saili-
ciently, she hastily changed in some measure the
manner of arranging her malayeh (the enveloping
chequered blue and white drapery which corre-
sponds with the black silk habarah of the better
classes), and assuming an altered gait, she ap-
proached the merchant’s door, and asked ad-
mittance. His wife opened it, and the beggar
whiningly entreated shelter for the night. The
wife called to her husband to ask his permission,
and he replied, “ Admit her. ” therefore the
beggar entered, and found herself in the same
apartment with the object of her inquiry. Nothing
could denote the reverse of the man’s boasted
wealth more than the interior of his house; scanty
and dirty furniture, and the absence of every indi-
cation of even comfort, met the eye and engaged
the attention of his treacherous guest. His supper
was prepared by his wife, who, besides himself,
alone resided in his house: but the supper was
only enough for two; therefore the merchant de-
sired his wife to go to the nearest market, and
purchase something for the beggar, giving her

