34' run Enommwonan m norrr.

she says, I found the door thronged by the male
friends of the master. I ascended to the apart-
ments of the Hareem, and in doing so passed
through the room in which the lady- had died.
Here everything was in a state of the utmost con-
fusion; the bed and bed-clothes were left strewn
about, evidently with intention; not a thing had
been removed since the body had been washed and
laid out. I then went into a large room, whence
horrid screams and cries had assailed my ms; and
there I found the corpse laid on a small bed or
mattress on the ﬂoor, and covered with Cuhmere
shawls and richly embroidered crape veils. I was
conducted to a place on the divan, near the head
of the deceased. it was a dreadful sight, and the
confusion and noise were most distressing. Two
women were beating tambourines and singing dis-
mal dirges, while about twenty ladies and hired
wailing-women (such as we read of in the Scrip—
tures) were crying aloud, and slapping, or rather
hating themselves, keeping time with the instru-s
meats. Other women, including the slaves, were
jumping, and clapping their hands, while their
bodies were ' bent almost double. Their perform-
ances strikingly reminded me of the American
Indian dances dwcribed by Mr. Catlin, eXpressive
of nothing less than frenzy. They continued their
frantic gestures until they were nearly exhausted,
when a sign was made for them to sit and rest.

 

