128 m: anomsnwonan In norm.

obedience of the slaves, while they used no gentle
means in expelling the ladies. In about two mi-
nutes, no one remained in the saloon but Mrs.
Lieder and the eunuchs; and then several veiled
men were ushered up, guarded and held by eunuchs.
When I say veiled, I mean that they had handker-
chiefs bound over their faces. The eunuchs sta-
tioned themselves at every door, and then the sur-
veyors were suffered to unveil. The mats were
rolled up, and the ﬂoors and walls examined, to
see if there were any settlement. The result of
the investigation was satisfactory; but we thought
it might still be feared that the evening entertain-
ment might endanger the building, for it was ar-
ranged that it should be below. I should imagine
that the safety of almost any building might be
endangered by the thousands which thronged the
citadel.

The entertainment during the Wednesday con-
sisted in the performances of the ’A’lmehs, until
we were invited to breakfast at one o’clock; but
we had scarcely reached the room where it was
prepared, when we were informed that the bride
was going down on her way to the bath, and would
remain some time in the lower saloon. We all
descended, and witnessed a very curious scene. A
passage was formed by the eunuchs, from the stair-
case, across the saloon, and to the seat of honour
in the corner. Through this we pamed, a row of

