THE nucusnwouan IN EGYPT. 97

LETTER VIII.

December, 1845. "
ON the departure of the Eurcpean- guests, we had
left the room in which we had been sitting to say
“ good-bye ” to our friends and acquaintances; and
when we returned, a very curious scene presented
itself. Six of the fattest old ladies of the Hareem
were running after each other in a circle, in the
centre of the room, disguised in chintz coats nearly
ﬁtting their round persons, with high fool’s-caps on
their heads. Their game consisted in snatching at
each “other’s caps, and throwing them down, and
scrambling for them; while they continued their
circle, running, jumping, and tumbling. It was
very absurd, for the good ladies were particularly
unwieldy.

A theatrical exhibition followed, in which a F
scolding wife was represented by a pretty girl,
while six other girls, in male attire, took part in a
conversation which, being in Turkish, I could not
understand. The spirit, however, of the farce “
seemed to be that one of the six personated the
pretty girl’s husband, and the other ﬁve her para-
mours. They successively endeavoured to approach

I

