corunrs. iii

the Kareem—Mohammad. Alec Bey’s mother—Bridal
presents—The lady-treasurer—Dinner in the European
style—Sa’eed Pasha‘s wife—ladies’ divm—Romping
girls-Arab dance , . . . 9 pp. 78-96

LETTER VIII.

Amusements of the old ladies of the Hareem—Theatrical
. exhibition—The Pasha’s eldest wife—Arab female
concert—Magniﬁeenoe of the saloon—The ’Almehs’
dance—Fountain room—Tears in the midst of rejoicing
--Eunuch executed for theft—Breakfast in the Hareem
—Arrival of the PashIi—Second procession of the
bride—Bridegroom’s presents—Entertainment of the
people during the festivities—Paraphernalia of the
bride conveyed to the Ezbekeeyeh . . 97-117

LETTER IX.

Mrs. .Lieder’s popularity in the Kareem—Dance of the
Georgian girls—Polite attention of Nesleh Hdnum—
More dancing and a farce—Winter wrappers of ladies ‘
—Night arrangements in the Hareem—The Pasha

' dropping gold coins in the Hareem—Little Eastern
lady—Eunnchs clearing the apartments—Thong of
visitors—Passage of the bride on the seventh day of
the feast—Her gorgeous dress—Child trodden to death
during. a shower of gold—The procession of candles—
Prooession of the bride from the citadel to her own

palace . . . . . . 118-136

LETTER X.

Reception of the bride by her husband—The Pa’shé’s atten-
tion to the widow of his son Isma’eel—Consequence of
opening the prisons during the marriage festivities—

