THE nsemsnwouan IN Born. 77

and had repeatedly knocked at his door with a.
brick, or some other hard substance. Then fol-
lowed the question why one of the men had not
called my brother, evidently because neither of
them dared pass the gallery round which the sup-
posed ’Efreet was taking his midnight walk, strik-
ing each door violently as he passed it. For many
nights. those noises continued, and many evenings
they began before we retired to mt, and as we
could never ﬁnd the offender, I sadly feared for
my children; not for their personal safety, but
lest they should incline to superstition, and nothing
impoverishes the mind so much as such a ten-
dency.

Another singular circumstance attending this
most provoking annoyance was our ﬁnding, on
several successive mornings, ﬁve or six pieces of
charcoal laid at the door leading to the chambers
in which we sleep; conveying in this country a
wish, or rather an imprecation, which is far from
agreeable; viz. “ May your faces be blackened.”
However, under all these circumstances, I rejoiced
to ﬁnd my children increasingly amused by these
pranks, and established in the belief that one or
more wicked persons liked the house so well, that-
they resolved to gain possession, and to eject by
dint of ' sundry noises, and other annoyances, any
persons who desire its occupation. It is, however,
a more serious matter to poor Lalah-Zar than to us;

