'rnr. ENGLISHWOMAN us learn. 173

ing from a pipe in the dome above. The whole
apartment was full of steam.

On entering this chamber a scene presented itself
which beggars description. My companions had
prepared me for seeing many persons undressed;
but imagine my astonishment on ﬁnding at least
thirty women of all ages, and many young girls
and children, perfectly unclothed. You will scarcely
think it possible that no one but ourselves had a
vestige of clothing. Persons of all colours, from
the black and glossy shade of the negro to the
fairest possible hue of complexion, were formed in
groups, conversing as though full dressed, with
perfect ambulance, while others were strolling
about, or sitting round the fountain. I cannot
describe the bath as altogether a beautiful scene;
in truth, in some respects it is disgusting; and I
regret that I can never reach a private room in
any bath without passing through the large public
apartment.

. I will turn to the more agreeable subject—the
operation of the bath, which is quite luxurious.
The sensation experienoed on ﬁrst entering the
hottest chamber is almost overpowering— the heat
is extremely oppressive; and at ﬁrst I believed
that I could not long support such a temperature;
but after the ﬁrst minute, I was relieved by a
gentle, and afterwards by a profuse perspiration,
and no longer felt in any degree oppressed. It is

