134 ran: nousnwomm IN EGYPT.

mesh’al or creaset) running before the horses, and
holding high his ﬂaming light, was the only object
of interest. The gleam cast by the burning wood
on his simple but picturesque costume, made him
appear as though he too were wearing a holiday
garb.

_ The zeﬂ'eh, or procession of the bride, from the
citadel to her own palace, did not take place until
after church on Christmas-day: but I was so com-
pletely tired that I could not go to see it; and,
therefore, I give you the description which I re-
ceived from my friends.

Though all the inhabitants of Cairo seemed con-
gregated to view it, the zeﬂ‘eh was not well cal-
culated to gratify the curiosity it excited. It was
little more than a mere display of soldiery and
carriages: the former, half Europeanized in dress;
and the latter, with few exceptions, just such as
are seen in the streets of London or Paris. It was
headed by a full military band preceding three
troops of lancers, and as many bands of trumpetera.
These were followed, ﬁrst by a numerous body of
cuirassiers; and, next, by about a dozen ﬁeld-pieces
with their ammunition. Some wrestlers and mock
combatants with swords interrupted the military
train, preceding a few pioneers, and four companies
of infantry, each with its band. A very numerous
body of ofﬁcers rode at their rear. Among them
were Mohammad ’Alee Bey and a son of Ibraheem

 

