'rm: memsnwonan m EGYPT. 129

eunuchs fronting the crowd on either side, and
preventing any one entering the avenue which they
had formed, excepting European ladies, and
Easterns of rank.

I was seated very near to the place prepared for
the bride.- The guns thundered from the citadel,
and were answered from the fort on Mount Mu-
kattam; and when their echo was hushed, we heard
the zaghareet from adistant chamber in the palace;
it gradually drew nearer, when the merry tam-
bourine was heard, and soon the dancing-girls in
pink and gold were seen on the great staircase,
followed by many magniﬁcently-dressed attendants,
in the midst of whom the "bride slowly descended.
As she approached us we saw that her jewels, which
had been paraded in the Ezbekeeyeh, were again
on her person ; and her dress on this occasion
made them look more brilliant and more magniﬁ-
cent than ever. Her head-dress was still the same,
excepting that innumerable narrow slips of ﬂat
gold, about two feet long, were appended to it on
either side before her ears: behind her ears, two
short tails of sable. A head-veil of lavender-co-
loured gauze striped with gold hung from the back
of her head-dress. She wore the splendid diamond
girdle and necklace, and all the jewels for her head
were disposed, or rather crowded together, on her
cap and headkerchief. Her yelek and trowsers
were of pale green silk, gorgeously embroidered

