m: nonranwouau 11! earn. 21

accept him, or no one. The proposed husband, on
receiving the communication, could only say, that
he was grateful for the honour intended him ;
though this, you may be sure, was far from being
true. Shortly, they were married; and the young
Bay, on being introduced to his wife, found an
elderly lady, who received him with much kind-
ness, but who assured him that she had merely
married him as a matter of form, that she had done
so by compulsion, and that, considering the dis-
parity in their years, she had provided for him a
young and handsome Abyssinian slave, whom she
desired he would consider his future wife. He be-
lieved her to be in earnest, and it is not surprising
that he did so; for though it is very unusual for a
wife to act in this manner, she appeared to apolo-
gize by noticing her own years, and his youth. He
accepted the Abyssinian ; and discovered, sadly too
late, that the whole had been a scheme to try his
allegiance. His wife has ever since requited him
by taunts and revilings; and let no one suppose
that the Hareem of Bey can, during his tor-
mentorâ€™s lifetime, be considered as his home.

A very prevalent cause of misery in the Hareems
of the great is the custom, so common among the
grandees, of marrying their female relations and
their emancipated female slaves to persons much
beneath them in rank; for the men who are ho-
noured by having such wives bestowed upon them

 

