90 ran anemsnwomn m norm.

of those persons who, without any beauty of coun-
tenance, possess a charm of expression which is
perfectly fascinating. Her home is in the Knot
ed-Dubarah, now generally called the Kasr en-
Neel; and she was at the citadel during the festi-
val with the hundreds her companions, who were
there as the attendants of Nezleh Hanum. Her
highness is never at the citadel but on such occa-
sions, when she is deputed by her father, the
Pasha, to direct the ceremonials.

To return to my rencontre, the upshot of my
expedition. This lady-treasurer wm desired by her.
Highness to open to me the remaining treasures,
and also to show me all that were alrady unpacked.
The room in which we were was large, and nearly
half the ﬂoor was covered with wrappers for the
indoor apparel and riding-dresses. These wrap-
pers were perfectly magniﬁcent, being composed of
red velvet or Cashmere, embroidered and fringed
with gold; and one was elaborately worked with
pearls. I think that there were about twenty of
them spread for display on round baskets, with
covers for coﬂ'ee and sherbet, of the same costly
description. There were also a similarly embroi-
dered prayer-carpet, and two padded red Cashmere
wrappers, one about the size of a hearth orug, and
the other smaller, for the head: both exquisitely
worked, fringed with gold, and lined with white
silk. They were to be used after the bath. by

 

