130 THE nnousawouan IN norr'r.

Kasr esh-Shema, on the north of the hill of Baby-
Ion; but in the neighbourhood were many churches
and convents. The Nile, at that period, ﬂowed
close by the fortrem above mentioned. El-Fustat
is described as a very ﬁne city, containing houses
ﬁve or six stories high, constructed of brick. The
primary cause of its decline was the great famine
which happened in the reign of El-Mustansir, in
the middle of the ﬁfth century of the Flight, and
which lasted seven years. About a century after
this awful calamity, the greater part of the city
was destroyed by ﬁre, to prevent its falling
a prey to an invading Christian army.* It was
partly rebuilt, but never regained its former opu-
lence.

El-’Askar was founded in the year of the Flight
133 (A.D. 750—1), long before the decline of El-
Fustat, which continued to be the metropolis of
Egypt, though the governors no longer resided
there. El-’Askar was rather a suburb of El-Fus-
tat than a distinct city. El-Kataé’, or El-Katayé,
was founded in the year of the Flight 25601.1).
869—70). It lay immediately on the west of the
hill which is now occupied by the citadel of Cairo;
and was about a mile in extent, from north to
south, and from east to west. In the year 292,
when the dynasty of the race of Tooloon was sub-

" Under Amaury, King of Jerusalem, called by the
Egyptians Merée.

