'rnn nnemsnwonan IN EGYPT. 23

paniment the songs might be agreeable, but the
instruments of the country are anything but mu-
sical, and interfere considerably with the purposes of
harmony. The voices of the singers are remarkably
ﬁne, and would be perfection under European cul-
ture; and the performers are usually enthusiastic
in their love for their art, but still more so are
their hearers. The vocalists are for the most part
respectable.

When the slave of a grandee is given away in
marriage, the man chosen as her husband is almost
always somewhat of a dependant; and the lady
generally treats him as if he were somewhat of a
dependent with respect to herself.

I have been exceedingly amused lately, by read-
ing in the “ Sketches of Persia,” the account
which is given by some natives of that country
(including persons occupying high 'oﬁices under
government, therefore the noble of the land), of
the liberty and power of their women; and I am
disposed to think with them, that women, in many
respects, have the ascendancy among the higher
orders throughout the East. We imagine in Eng-
land that the husband in these regions is really
lord and master, and he is in some cases; but you
will scarcely believe that the master of a house
my be excluded for many days from his own
hareem, by his wife’s or wives’ causing a pair of
slippers to be placed outside the door, which sic

