152 ms: menrsnwoxsn m nearer.

palace, occupying the site of the mansion of the
famous Memlook Bey El-Elfee, which became the
residence of Napoleon, and of Kleber, who was as-
sassinated in the adjacent garden. On the north
side is a Christian quarter, presenting a long row
of lofty but neglected houses. During the season
of the inundation, the Nile enters this extensive
tract by a canal, and the place is partially inun-
dated; the water remains three or four months,
after which the ground is sewn. It was formerly,
during the season of the inundation, one extensiwe
lake, but is now converted into something like a
garden, with an agreeable mixture of trees and
water. I am told that the place has a much more
pleasing appearance when entirely clothed with
green, than it had when it was a lake; and so I
should imagine, for the water is very turbid.

The Birket el-Feel (or Lake of the Elephant)
also receives the water of the Nile, during the
season of the inundation. Only a small part of it
is open to the public.

There are two small lakes in the western part of
the metropolis, and several others in its vicinity.
There are also several cemeteries in the eastern
part of the town,‘ and many large gardens. These
gardens are chieﬂy stocked with palm-trees, acacias.
sycamores, oranges, limes, pomegranates, &c. Little

" The principal cemeteries are without the town. '

 

 

 

