r

122 THE ENGL IusonutN IN EGYPT.

time during our visit, imitated the disgusting danc-

ing of the ’A’lmehs: it perfectly spoilt those hitherto ‘

innocent-looking dancers, whose graceful romping
before was really pleasant to witness. Enough of
this subject. They were succeeded by an exceed-
ingly fat old lady, who, disguised as a man, wear-
ing a chintz surtout and high fool’s-cap, came run-
ning forward, bearing a tray of sweetmeats. She
was soon followed by the actresses of the former
evenings, to whom she oﬁ‘ered the sweetmeats for
sale. One scolded her, another cheated her, a third
stole her sweetmeats, and a fourth threw her on the
ground with her tray, and left her bewailing the
loss of her sweets and the blows she had received.
While loudly lamenting, a light footstep near her
put her on the alert, and she jumped on her feet
just in time to secure one of her persecutors, who
came to steal more of her dainties, and to bestow
upon - the culprit an apparently hearty beating.
Becoming liberal, she afterwards allowed some to

i be taken by two whom she favoured, while she ca-

priciously punished others. Thus occupied, we left
her; for the night was exceedingly cold, and the

. wind whistled through that great saloon fear-fully

to those who, having mercifully passed through the
great heat of summer, ﬁnd an Egyptian winter
severe, and dare not risk exposure to its rally
piercing cold unless protected by substantial ad-
ditional clothing. The Easterns are wise in this

 

