ran naeusrrwosmn m norrr. 55

having disrobed me, they followed us (the wife of
the Viceroy with us leading the way) to the grand
saloon.

- This is a very splendid room, paved with marble,
as indeed are all the passages, and, I imagine, all
the apartments on the ground-ﬂoor; but as several
are entirely covered with matting, I cannot assert
this to be the case. The pavement in the saloon
is simply white marble, the purest and best laid I
have seen in the East. The ceiling (whichj; is
divided into four distinct oblong compartments) is
painted admirably in stripes of dark and light blue,
radiating from gilded centres, from each of which
hang splendid chandeliers containing innumerable
wax-lights. The corners and cornices are richly
decorated. The pavement under the two centre
compartments is not matted, but the two ends, to

the right and left on entering, are covered with -

ﬁne matting, and ﬁtted with crimson divans.

The windows are furnished with white muslin
curtains edged with coloured fringe, some pink
and some blue. All the looking-glasses (of which
there are perhaps six in the saloon) are furnished
with festoons and curtains of pink and blue gauze.
There is one table with a cover of pink crape
embroidered in stripes of gold, and having upon it
a large glass case of stuﬁbd birds. On either side
of the door are fanciful stands for large square
glass lanterns, composed of pillars, round which

