vi PREFACE.

interesting nature, which he proposed I should
embody in a series of familiar letters to a friend.
To encourage me to attempt thislatter object, he
placed at my disposal a large collection of his
own unpublished notes, that I might extract.
from them, and insert in my letters whatever I
might think ﬁt; and in order' that I might
record my impressions and observations with
less restraint than I should experience if al-
ways feeling that I was writing for the press,
he promised me that he would select those
letters which he should esteem suitable for pub-
lication,§ and mark them to be copied. The
present selectibn has been made by him; and I
fear the reader may think that affection has
sometimes: Massed. his judgment; but am en-
couraged to hope for their favourable recep-
tion, for the sake of the more solid matter with
which they are interspersed, from the notes of
one to whom Egypt has become almost as fa-
miliar as England.
SOPHIA POOLE.

 

