I38 me nuansnwomn IN norm.

pangs, is seven feet three. inches. The ﬂooring
then ascends in the same direction as the other.
ascending- passage; at an angle of twenty-six de-
grees and a half. At the distance of three feet ﬁve
inches is another perpendicular or step of only
eight inches, above which the ﬂoor has the me
inclination again; and notches have been cut in it.
to facilitate the ascent, which is not easily per-
ﬁrmed unless without shoes. There is a bench of
stone on each side all along the passage, and in the
tops of these benches are oblong holes at short in—
tervals: their use is unknown. The width of the.
passage (including the benches, which are one foot
eight inches and a half square), is six feet ten
inches; about four ancient Egyptian cubits.. The
sides of the passage are composed of nine courses
of stone from the benches upwards. The stone is
of the same kind as that of which the lower pass-
ages are constructed. Some travellers have sup-
posed it to be white marble, but no marble is found
in any. part of the pyramid. The two lower
courses are even with each other, but each course
above projects three inches beyond that below it ;.
and so does each corresponding course at the upper
and lower ends of the passage. The length of the
whole passage is a hundred and fifty-eight feet. At
the distance of ﬁve feet and one inch before we
reach the upper end, we .ascend another perpen-
dicular of ‘ twe feet eleven inches, The ﬂoor beyond. .

A

