112 mn- nnomsnwouan m non-r.

monuments, was staying at the pyramids, and pre-
pared for us a tent, and another comfortable place
of abode, an ancient sepulchral grotto in a rock,
which latter has served as the foundation of a pyra-
mid, now for the most part destroyed. This exca-
vation we found ample and airy, having three large
square apertures, serving us as windows, besides
the entrance. Our tent was pitched near it, our
carpets spread, and our home in the desert had an
air of comfort I had hardly anticipated. There is
much that is homeish in can-ying one’s own carpet:
place it where you will, in the boat or in the
desert, your eyes rest upon it while thinking, and
its familiar patterns afford a sort of welcome. The
habit of placing the seggadeh (a small carpet) on
the saddle enables an Eastern lady to.take it wher-
ever she may wander. When she is disposed to
rest, her attendants spread it; and nothing is more
refreshing during a desert excursion than to rest
upon it, and take a simple meal of bread and fruit,
and a draught of delicious Nile water.

- As soon as possible after our arrival, we mounted
the rock on which the pyramids are built, and there
observed the effect I have described with regard to
the objects we had passed on our way. From the
brightness of their colour, apparently little changed
by the thousands of years that have passed since
their erection, the pyramids do not appear vener-

able: there is an appearance of freshness abouﬁ ,

I
1

K

