86 run nomenwonun IN morn.

those of the mother of Sa’ced Pasha, and then
took her seat in the distinguished corner. Crowds
then poured in, and Nezleh Hainum again threw a
profusion of gold and silver coins among the mul-
titude. The bride sat about ten minutes, looking
completely wretched, and then retired, supported
and accompanied in the same manner as her pre-
decessor; and after having, with considerable
difﬁculty, carried her burden of embroidery and
jewels across the saloon, she fainted. Alas! poor
brides! Mysterious as is the future to every girl
on. the eve of marriage, how tenfold grievous must
be the apprehensions of her who knows nothing,
but by report, of her afﬁanced husband.

When the second bride had disappeared, and the .

crowd had swept away, leaving still a goodly com-
pany of hundreds, the musicians again sang and
played until Nezleh Hanum rose to quit the saloon.
The girls with tambourines preceded and followed
her, beating their instruments as when they accom-
panied thebrides. We now felt disposed to recon-
noitre, and were soon joined by the mother of
Mohammad ’Alee Boy, who gave us her' usual
charming welcome, and led us to the retiring-room
which had been appointed for the European guests.
She is really a very sweet, sunny-faced person,
always in a pleasant, polite humour, and apparently
always happy. She invited us to see the bridal
presents, which had that morning arrived from the

__.._.L-..." “—7444; 4

 

