'mn .nneusnwousn m EGYPT. 163

mosque, make me proud of having enjoyed the pri-
vilege of walking leisumly through its extensive
portieoes, and observing its heterogeneous students
engaged in listening to the lectures of their pro-
fessors.

To the left of the great com-t is a smaller one,
containing the great tank at which the ablution
preparatory to prayer is performed by all those .
who have not done it before entering the mosque.
The great portico is closed by partitions of wood
between a row of square pillars, or piers, behind
the front row of columns. The partition of the
central archway has a wide door; and some of the
other partitions have smaller doors. The great
portico is very spacious; containing eight rows of
small marble columns, arranged parallel with the
front. That part beyond the Ô¨Åfth row of columns
was added by the builder of one of the grand gates,
about 70 years ago. The walls are whitewashed:
the niche and pulpit are very plain; and simplicity
is the prevailing character of the whole of the in-
terior of the great portico. The pavement is
covered with mats; and a few small carpets are
seen here and there.

A person of rank or wealth is generally accom-
panied by a servant bearing a seggadeh (or small
prayer carpet, about the size of a hearth-rug), upon
which he prays. During the noon-prayers of the
congregation on Friday, the worshippers are very

