SCENES ON THE WALLS. 153

 

and pointed beard. This is the king of the Amorites,
the inhabitants of the western shores of the Dead
Sea.”1 Passing by the portraits of other captives,
which, as Mariette says, “ must have been drawn from
the life,” I come to “the chief of the vile race of Kousch.
The artist has exceptionally given him the features of
a negro, although Kousch was more accurately in-
cluded by the Egyptians themselves in the Chamitic
race.” Many of the European nations are depicted
elsewhere on the walls, and among the captives led by
Rameses III. into the presence of Ammon-Ra are
Pelasgi and men of other Western tribes, with fea-
tures of a reﬁned and classical type, and wearing the
national costume. The knowledge that we gain from
these sculptures is really great and important. “With
much remarkable skill,” says Mariette, "‘ the Egyptian
sculptor has succeeded in giving to each one of these
prisoners the distinctive type of his race. We must
remember that we are here in the 13th century before
our era, and the ethnologist will nowhere ﬁnd more
authentic specimens of the nations who then inhabited
Western Asia, Libya, and the Soudan.”

Not only are wars on land represented on the walls
of this temple, but we have the picture of a sea-ﬁght,

 

1 M ariette’s Mommmzts q)" Uﬁﬂer E gypt, p. 206.

