252 .4 WINTER ON THE NILE.

 

ing, and the fair girls with the lotus-ﬂower wreathed
in their hair? We know much of that old life,
sculptured as it is on the temples and on the tombs;
and it all comes up before us now, with its plea-
sures and pursuits, with its laughter and its tears,
its wars and its conquests, as we stand on the wall
at Karnak and look out upon the city of the dead.
After some time spent amid the wonderful ruins, we
turned away in silence, and rode quietly home. The
total eclipse of the moon took place the next night,
the 28th of January, and all were anxious to see it in
the clear atmosphere of Egypt. It took place later
than in England, and it was some time after ten
o’clock, that the shadow began to steal over the
moon’s disc. The planet had a most weird appear-
ance. The colour was chocolate, of a deep brown,
and had not the darker shade I have seen in a more
northern latitude. I cannot say what conception the
Arabs have of an eclipse, or if they know its cause;
but the whole village seemed excited, and they made
a circuit of the town several times,.singing in their
own unmusical, monotonous manner, and beating their
musical instruments. I asked next day of a young '-
Copt what the meaning of their songs might be, and I
was told they were singing hymns to God. “ Oh, my
Lord, look and see. Some of us are children, the

