226 A WINTER ON THE NILE.

 

rock,—past huge blocks, and boulders of fantastic
forms of a deep black colour, on many of which are
carved cartouches and inscriptions. There are little
islands in the shining water, covered with palms and
tamarisks, and the banks of the river are green with
acacias and gum-trees. We went steadily on with
the current, and before we reached the rapids, turned
aside to see one of the sights of the place. We left
the boat to climb the steep bank, where we were sur-
rounded by a crowd of almost naked men and boys,
as black as ebony, who were ready to plunge into the
most impetuous part of the stream—indeed, into the
midst of the hurrying,rushing, tumultuous torrent—and
swim down, and show. us their agility and skill. And
they did so. There was something wild in the scene.
The men and boys, some on logs, some on rafts, some
in small boats, with ﬂags ﬂying ; others, without any
of these aids, but trusting to their powers of swimming,
having leaped, into the foaming cataract, were borne,
now under the water, now upon the wave, safely down
the torrent, and came up again, grinning, with trium-
phant looks. The whole thing was worth seeing, as
giving us an. idea of savage life. After they had
claimed and had received backsheesh,—for it need not
be said that in this country nothing is done without
backsheesh—indeed, in what country, civilized or un-

