THE KHAMSEEM 273

On our return from the colleges and bazaars of
Assiout,—the latter good, and full of tempting things,
some of which were irresistible,——-we reached the
steamer, and found another boat, the T ewﬁé, anchored
close beside her for the night. We received a friendly
invitation from the people on board the ship to spend
the evening with them, offering the attractions of
music ; and this the greater part of the passengers on
our boat accepted with pleasure. They were going up
the Nile, we were going down ; and we were mutually
glad to meet, and to wish one another “ good speed.”
The evening was a very agreeable one, and the music,
both vocal and instrumental, was excellent.

The following morning, Saturday, February 2 5th, we
left Assiout at an early hour, and had a beautiful day
for our course northward. On Sunday we had Divine
service as usual, and soon after the khamseen wind, hot
as from a furnace, and carrying with it dusky clouds
of ﬁne sand, began to blow. The khamseen is a
wind from the south, and is so called from its blowing
at intervals during a period of ﬁfty days. The days
when the khamseen blows are most trying and ex-
hausting; the skin becomes parched and dry ; the
breathing is quickened ; there is a dislike to any
exertion, and the very life seems to go out of you.
It was so all Sunday; but in the evening the

T

