232 A WINTER ON THE NILE. -

 

one of the greatest benefactors of Egypt ; for by his
energy and enterprise, the facilities he afforded for
travel, and the general excellence of his arrangements,
he had induced many to visit the country, and thus
had materially increased its welfare. The friend who
repeated to me these words of N ubar Pasha, is a
gentleman of position and influence; and he quite
concurred in the opinion, and added that, in his
Opinion, Egypt would more and more be visited, and
the banks of the Nile in a little time become as much
frequented as the Riviera. For those who are fairly
strong, and able to visit the wonders of the Thebaid,
Luxor offers delightful quarters, and affords ample
Opportunities of studying Egyptian architecture and
Egyptian sculptures in the ruined temples on both
sides of the Nile, and in the wonderful sepulchres in
the valley of the Tombs of the Kings. There is a
pleasant garden attached to the Luxor Hotel, the
haunt of the hoopoe and the bee-eater, where you
always Ô¨Ånd shade in the warm hours of noon under
the shelter of the date palm, or beneath the branches
of the lebbekh acacia. There are many trees in the
.garden, among them the loofah tree, which bears a
long green pod, not unlike a large cucumber, and
which, when fully ripe, yields a vegetable sponge
which is much used. The cool shade afforded by the

