VIEW FROM THE CITADEL A T CAIRO. 59

 

Every one who goes to Cairo visits the Citadel‘to
see the sunset—visits it more than once; for the
splendid prospect cannot be seen too often. The
great city lies below you with its domes and cupolas
and minarets, with its gardens and its palms and
its moving throng of people; here a procession of
donkeys with their riders, there a string of camels
with their burdens. The Nile, winding its way
through yellow sands, gleams blue in the distance,
and touches in its course many a green spot which
owes its beauty and fertility to its waters. Far to
the west, across the opulent river, and on the edge
of the arid desert, the Pyramids of Ghizeh and
Dashoor rise into the sky, coloured by the rays of
the sun as he hastens to his setting. Yonder, to the
right is a green plain, stretching away to the land of
Goshen. The Mokattam hills are rosy in the lustrous
light, and the Libyan mOuntains form a boundary to
the beautiful view. You cannot visit the citadel
without thinking of Mohammed Ali’s treacherous
deed of blood, and the massacre of the Mamelukes.
The Mameluke Beys were a band of Circassian
adventurers who had been brought into Egypt as
slaves, in order to serve in the Sultan’s army. They
gradually rose to power, and the government of the
country virtually passed into their hands. Mohammed

