3 32 A WINTER ON THE NILE.

 

the Fahrenheit scale. They were always made in the
shade, and the two instruments Were fully exposed to
the air.) On four days in this month, January, there
were slight showers, between Kalabsheh and Aboo
Simbel, but they seem to have been local ; eight other
days partially cloudy; ﬁfteen bright and sunny all
day. Light and fresh northerly breezes were the
prevailing winds. The average fall after sundown of
six readings was 3°. Forty observations were made
during this month on the humidity of the atmosphere,
by means of the wet and dry bulb method, and the
percentage (saturation being represented by 100)
calculated by Glaisher’s Hygrometrical tables. The
highest record of the month was 88 per cent., on
January 2151:, at Aboo Simbel; and ﬁve times it
exceeded 80. The lowest of the month was 34 per
cent., at Assouan; and there were eighteen readings
below 60. The average percentage of the month of
January was 62.

Between February Ist and March 11th the highest
maximum temperature at Assouan was 100 ; there
were six readings of 90 and upwards. The lowest
minimum during the period was, 44°, at Assiout. Here
were nine readings below 50. The average maximum
was 84' 5° ; the average minimum was 54'2° ; and the
average daily temperature between these dates was

