EN/OYABLE CLIMATE. 233

 

sycamore ﬁg or the mimosa was often very grateful,
for on some days in February the thermometer stood
at 95° in the shade. But I must say the climate was
most enjoyable,—warmth by day, and coolness by
night; and the life was far removed from hurry and
bustle. With much to interest, and nothing to dis-
tract,—with companionship when you sought it in the
saloon of the hotel, with quietness in your own room
when quietness was desired,——the life at Luxor was
as pleasant as possible. The pleasure of travel is
much enhanced when you travel not alone, but bring
part of your home circle with you, as in my case, to
enjoy the health-giving climate and the wonders of
the land. I feel sure the bright sunlight, and the
balmy air, the dryness of the atmosphere, the quiet
dreamy life, with enough of interest and occupation
to preserve it from being monotonous, must be of the
greatest advantage to one who suffers from an over-
worked brain or from nervous depression. I owe
much to the winter climate of the Nile, and can
speak gratefully of the bright sunshine and bracing
air, and of the beneﬁcial effect it had upon one suffer-
ing from a feeble circulation connected with a weak
action of the heart.

My chameleon had a ﬁne time of it among the ﬂies,
which I must confess were a plague. I never saw

