366 SAFETTY PASHA.

rusalem and the holy sites of Terra Santa.
Since we have been here the affair has been
decided, and the Damascenes have been ap-
prized of the speedy advent of their new go-
vernor, Safetty Pasha. But alas! the Sultanâ€™s
nomination bodes no good to the cause of
Christianity in this land; the man who has been
appointed to this important post is a genuine
Turk of the old school, a cordial hater of re-
form in every shape, and perhaps the most
intolerant and fanatic Mussulman in the whole
Turkish empire. Safetty Pasha is the identical
individual, who, during his ministerial tenure
at Constantinople, caused the death of a young
Armenian who had embraced Mahometanism
in order that he might marry a Turkish woman,
but subsequently was seized with remorse, and
became a Christian again. The strongest efforts
were made by the Christian ambassadors at
Constantinople to save the life of this young
man, but in vain; the actual Pasha of Damas-
cus not only caused him to be put to death,
but added to that severity the insult of order-
ing his severed head to be placed between his
legs decorated 'with a EurOpean round hat, and

thus it was exposed in the streets of Constan-
tinople for three days !

