38 PUNISHMENT.

would pass off quietly. I believe that he had.
imparted my injunctions to the judge, for at last
upon the appearance of a poor shivering wretch
who seemed to have collapsed into half his
natural size from terror, I received a courteous

invitation from Ismael Bey to withdraw to his
private apartment, where he would scon join me;
and I was accordingly conducted out of court by
his janissary, the friends who accompanied me
remaining to witness the proceedings, and re-
taining Mohammed to interpret for them. But
scarcely had I settled myself on the divan, when
shriek after shriek following on the sound of
blows, echoed through the whole building. I
sprung from my seat and made a rush to the
entrance of the court, alive only to the deter-
mination of begging off the unhappy culprit, and
not to the impropriety of my proceedings; but I
was repulsed by the crossed bayonet of the sen-
tinel stationed there, and forced to return to my
retreat, where, with my Ô¨Ångers in my ears, vainly
endeavouring to exclude the horrid sounds, and
in a state of exasperation which quite sickened
me, I paced up and down the room like a wild
beast in its cage. Thank God ! in less than two
minutes the sounds ceased, and very shortly

afterwards my friends joined me, accompanied

