184 FIRST VIEW OF JERUSALEM.

the horizon, we distinguished a few minarets—
then a castellated wall ﬂanked with towers rose
upon our view, all tinted with the same livid
colouring that imparts such an indescribable
melancholy to the whole landscape. Our hearts
throbbed almost to suffocation, and our eyes be-
came dim with tears as we gazed; for cold must be
the bosom that preserves its tranquil equanimity
in the all-exciting moment of ﬁrst approaching the
Holy City! Onward we rode for another hour
through the desert plain, and then, passing under
a lofty gateway guarded by Turkish soldiers, en-
tered the narrow, wretched streets of Jerusalem.
Scarcely could our horses maintain their footing
upon the broken recks with which its squalid
causeways are paved. “ Is this the city that men
called the Perfection of Beauty, the joy of the
whole Earth ?”* involuntarily recurred to my
recollection as I cast my eyes around me upon a
scene of melancholy, unequalled perhaps in any
other inhabited city—for Jerusalem does not
possess the dignity of a deserted ruin; living
misery adds to the misery of its dilapidation ;-—-
the whole place looks like the illustration of an
awful curse!

Arrived at the hotel kept by a Maltese, where

* Lamentations of Jeremiah ii. 15.

