POLICY. 369

greater portion of every day is taken up in re-
ceiving the visits of the Turkish authorities, civil
and military, (Oriental visits are interminable
and not very lively affairs!) with each of whom
coffee and pipes are unfailingly discussed; and
that he not only suffers these Moslems to “be-
stow their tediousness” upon him in this shape
whenever they please, but that he exercises an
hospitality towards them which has rarely been
exhibited by our consuls in the East. The ex-
cellent dinners and sparkling champagne of the
English consulate at Damascus have done won-
ders towards softening Blahometan prejudices;
and although Mr. \Vood has often the mortiﬁ-
cation of seeing his uncivilized Turkish guests
prostrate under the table before the soup has
been removed, he has also the satisfaction of
beholding the European garb respected by the
whole population of the place, and the hated
round hat circulate through the bazaars and most
crowded parts of the city, with as much safety to
its wearer as though it were the greasiest felt
cap of Dervish fanaticism, or the most orthodox
green turban of Islamism that was ever wound
round the brows of the descendants of the Pro-
phet

But now my pleasant sojourn at Damascus

VOL. II. B B

