EGYPTIAN DOMINATION. 365

into the expediency of not suffering a dismem-
berment of' the dominions of our old ally the
Sultan, and rejoice that he should have been
reinstated in his Syrian possessions, I cannot close
my eyes to the fact, that the yoke of Egypt was
far less burthensome than that of Turkey to the
natives of this country; and that to the enlight-
ened views and energetic conduct of Ibrahim
Pasha, European travellers are indebted for the
safety with which they may now circulate through
the land, and Christians may attribute the re—
spect with which they are actually treated even
here, in the hot-bed of Moslem fanaticism. On
this subject I have never heard two opinions
expressed; the one unvarying regret, the one
uncompromising wish uttered by all, sects and
all stations, from one end of Syria to the other,
is that Ibrahim Pasha were here once more !

It is to be hoped that the Turkish government
will proﬁt by the example of religious toleration
and liberal feeling exhibited by the Egyptian
prince; yet there is more cause for fear than
for hope. Public expectation has been almost
painfully excited of late upon the question of
the nomination to the vacant Pashalik of Da-
mascus, which is the most important one in

Syria, and comprises within its jurisdiction Je-

