TORTURA. 1 75

dived from the side of the vessel, and in a few
moments freed the anchor, and we then scudded
before the wind back to Tortura, where a ridge
of rocks with a narrow opening in them forms a
little harbour for small craft. \Ve were carried
on shore upon the shoulders of our sailors, and
with difﬁculty found, in the wretched Arab
village there, a house in which we might shelter
ourselves for the coming night, while we sent off
a messenger on horseback to endeavour to over-
take and bring back our horses and mules, which
had doubtless already arrived at Jaffa.

The house we hired possessed all the outward
appearance of cleanliness, and we had our own
beds to sleep upon; but oh heavens! what a
night did we pass in it ! The bugs came mining
down from the wooden rafters, and as fast as
every shower of them was swept away, another
succeeded, so that sleep never for one moment
visited our eyelids. \Vell is the place named
Tortura, for never was torture equal to that
which is there inﬂicted upon unhappy travellers.
At daybreak we were up; and ﬁnding it in-
tolerable to prolong our stay in such a nest of
vermin, we hired horses and camels to carry us
forward, and accelerate our meeting with our own
mules, &c. &c. Thus we were obliged to return

