222 GROTTO OF THE NATIVITY.

3

will to all men.’ There are some very handsome
columns in the church, and above them a carved
frieze is pointed out, said to be composed of the
famous cedar-wood of Lebanon. Beyond these
objects, it contains nothing remarkable; for of
course I do not include the Chapel of the Nati-
vity, which is beneath its ﬂoor, and to which we
were conducted by the ﬂickering lights of tapers,
down two ﬂights of stone stairs.

The Gospels do not tell us that our Saviour was
born in a subterraneous grotto, although they
specify that he was laid in a manger. However,
we are made aware on visiting the Chapel of the
Nativity that the inn in which the Virgin brought
forth, and the manger which she converted into a
cradle, were both underground. The Grotto is a
long narrow chamber encrusted everywhere with
marble, the walls partly covered with silk, and
having a recess at the further end lighted by a
quantity of silver lamps; in that recess the child
was born, and a marble star in the pavement——
doubtless in commemoration of the star which led
on the \Vise Men to Bethlehem, and only stopped
when they arrived in the presence of the Divine
Infant—marks the spot, and is inscribed with the
legend : “ Hi0 natus est Jesus C/w-z'stus ale Virgo.”

A few paces from it, a descent of two steps

