HELIOPOLIS. 27

England,——the Saracen warrior whom the beautiful
but almost forgotten romance of Madame Cottin
has invested with such an heroic charm. Further
on, the road lies through green ﬁelds and shady
avenues of acacia trees, and the whole air is
redolent of the delicious perfumes of bean blos-
soms, and alive with the hum of wild bees. The
“land of Goshen” is opening upon you, and its
actual aspect bears out the ancient renown for
pastoral fertility, which caused it to be conceded
by Pharaoh as an abode to Jacob and his sons,
when Joseph persuaded them to leave their own
country, and to bring their ﬂocks and herds with
them that they might dwell near him in the Land
of Egypt. I cannot describe to you the deep and
reverential interest with which one treads the
ground rendered sacred by its associations with
Bible History; and while the imagination of the
traveller is carried back to the days of the
patriarchs, and fancy peoples the land with the
venerable forms of Joseph’s kindred, no pert
innovation of modern times, in the shape of
recent civilization, is visible to dispel the mo-
mentary illusion. The swarthy Arab, with tur-
baned head and naked limbs laboriously irrigates
his ﬁelds by means of the primitive shadoof;
the patient ox, unmuzzled, treads out the

