42 COPT I-IAREEM.

their country to the Inﬁdel, I was conducted by
the master of the house to the entrance of the
hareem, where some negress slaves in their gala
dresses received me, and ushered me into the
presence of the presiding lady. There she sat,
enthroned among cushions, and surrounded by
at least a hundred female guests, who, from the
bright colours of their gold-embroidered garments,
looked like a bed of tulips. The elder ladies
wore Indian shawls thrown over their heads and
shoulders, the young ones veils of pink, blue, or
white gauze, edged with gold or silver needle-
work. A quantity of diamond ornaments were
displayed, but all of them badly set; and among
the numerous company assembled, I did not per-
ceive one beautiful face—scarcely a pretty 011e—
and many disﬁgured by having only one eye. In
my capacity of stranger I was immediately placed
by the side of the hostess, and furnished with a
narghilé; and a china saucer was ﬁlled with
choice morsels from a large tray of confectionery
and 6072—60225, and handed to me together with
some of the most delicate rose sherbet I ever
tasted. After these preliminaries were over, the
lady arose, and, taking me by the hand, conducted
me into an adjacent chamber, where, stretched
upon a sofa, lay the two young brides; one of

