CAIRO MAGICIAN. G3

to make his reoantation public, after having pub-
lished his adherence to the fraud practised upon
him, as it had been upon others, in a way that
had brought home conviction to his mind. And
this was noble of him, for few men like to admit
that they have been duped; but it was also in-
cumbent upon Mr. Lane thus to act, for his
opinion was of sufﬁcient weight to mislead many
who were content blindly to accept his convic-
tions, and to base their own belief upon the
authority of so celebrated a name.

As for the exhibition before us, it was as dull
as it was inefﬁcient, and possessed none of those
witty buffooneries which render the most bung-
ling failures amusing in avowed charlatans. The
would-be Wizard came into the room with the

air of a man who anticipated the disgrace which
the detection of his usurped qualiﬁcations must
bring upon him. All the preliminary pantomime,
which has been so minutely described by travel-
lers in this country, was performed by him with
a crest-fallen air and a nervous tremor which
showed that he was aware that the reign of his
imposture was over, and apprehensive that his
failure would be rewarded by a kickng down
stairs. \Ve had the furnace of burning charcoal,
the perfumes scattered upon it, the spells written

