THE COPTIC INSTITUTION. 55

possesses in the Arabic language, works only con-
veying the ﬁrst rudiments of education, English
is required as a vehicle to a wider ﬁeld of in-
struction, and has therefore been adopted as a
means of disseminating knowledge both sacred
and profane.

Mr. Lieder’s pupils are sufﬁciently versed in
these languages to transpose the Scriptures from
one to the other with great facility; and they are
also exercised in the composition of homilies in
English (homilies replace sermons in the Copt
service), some of which were shown to me, and, as
far as I had time to peruse them, appeared to me
to be remarkable for the correctness and ease of
their diction, and the clear insight they evinced
of Scriptural knowledge. Mr. Lieder expounds

practically to these youths every evening a por-
tion of the Scriptures, and thus no difﬁcult and

important passages are suffered to remain doubt-
ful to their comprehension. He has also taught
them church music, and they chaunt the Psalms
both in English and Arabic very well; a wonderful
improvement upon the droning chaunt of the Copt
priests, which is precisely like the monotonous
hum with which the M oslems fancy they chaunt
the Koran. They attend the Church of England
service every Sunday in the chapel of the Cairo

