234 AN ENTHUSIAST.

the character of his head—something that re-
minded me of Carlo Dolce’s representations of
our Saviour. Seeing our guide salute this man
familiarly, I asked who he was, and, upon learn-
ing that he was an Englishman, I was induced
to stop and speak to him. We learned from the
stranger that he has now been ten years in
Jerusalem, and that he intends never to leave
it. He is in daily expectation of the second
coming of Christ, the return of the lost tribes,
and the gathering together of the Jews as a
nation; and all this, he avers, must inevitably
take place in the present generation, and he
conﬁdently hopes, within his own lifetime. The
signs of the times are his guides, and the Bible
is his only library. I asked him if many of the
Jews in Jerusalem shared in his convictions;
but his answer was, that, as yet, he has found
no persons who exactly think as he does, and
that therefore he has gradually ceased all com-
munication with others, and lives entirely alone
in a small habitation 011 Mount Sion. In reply
to another question, he told me that he had
broken asunder every earthly tie, that he has
put aside all the affections of the ﬂesh, and that,
since his establishment here, he has never once

communicated with his family in England. “ And

