FRANCISCAN CONVENT. 307

order forbidding the admission of our sex within
their holy establishment. This detached house
is arranged not only with great comfort, but
actually with an elegance which the celebrated
convent of Mount Carmel does not exhibit. The
Italian taste of the monks has decorated the walls
with arabesques in fresco, such as are common in
the country-houses of Italy, and the chintz hang-
ings and sofas, as well as the bedding, are all of
the nicest description. Such an “oasis in the
desert” as this, is indeed inestimable, after ﬁve
d-ays’ travelling without any other accommodation
than that which tents can afford, with the fear of
Bedouins from without, and the certainty of the
monstrous insects that the soil of Syria produces
crawling about within, perpetually before our
eyes; (and I have no hesitation in owning, that, of
the two, the latter appeared to me by far the most
terrible visitation!) but putting even the physical
comforts of the place out of the question, the
cordial and hearty welcome given by the good
Franciscans would in itself alone sufﬁce to render
four bare walls attractive. Three days is the
period that travellers are allowed to sojourn as
the convent guests, and most warmly have the
fathers pressed us to complete the given time

here; but we have only availed ourselves of the

x2

