52 GIRLS’ SCHOOL.

the hearer’s heart; consequently, the very people
who had originally shown themselves such stub-
born opponents to moral enlightenment, gladly
embraced it when their wants pointed it out as
a source of consolation to themselves, and Mr.
Lieder seized upon the moment to carry into
execution the admirable theories which have at
last produced such good fruits under his energetic

superintendence.

We ﬁrst visited the girls’ school, the most in-
teresting and attractive part of the Cairo Mis-
sion, and which is under the special care of Mrs.
Lieder. It is divided into two departments, the
high class and the Lancastrian school. In the
ﬁrst of these we found a number of children,
apparently from seven to fourteen years of age,
occupied in transcribing, under the superinten-
dence of a most respectable looking man, a
Syrian Christian, portions of the Scriptures in
Arabic, so beautifully written that I asked per-
mission to bring away some samples of them with
me. Some of these girls were exceedingly well
dressed, being the children of persons of a su-
perior class, who are now only too glad to avail
themselves of the advantages of such a system of
education for their daughters. During the fore-
noon, the girls receive mental instruction, and in

