ROMANCE OF REAL LIFE. 349

that she received the wedding-gifts presented to
her by all her late companions, the inmates of
the Pasha’s hareem; the agreement pronounced
by the bride and bridegroom on either side of a
closed door, and witnessed by the Cadi, to take

 

each other for man and wife, all had slowly
passed by, and the long-sighed-for day, in the
evening of which the bride is conveyed in state
to her husband’s house, was at length ushered in.
The gifts prepared by Selim Bey for the fair
Haﬁza, consisting of diamond ornaments, cash-
mere shawls, pieces of gold and silver stuffs,
mirrors set in jewels, costly perfumery, and a
profusion of the most delicate sweetmeats, were
arranged in silver baskets, placed upon trays
covered with scarlet cashmere fringed with gold,
and a light veil of azure gauze thrown over them;
and were borne upon the heads of Selim Bey’s
slaves, in magniﬁcent new dresses, preceded by a
black eunuch on horseback, through the principal
streets of the city to the bridegroom’s house.
This ceremony took place in the middle of the
day, and it was remarked that never had greater
splendour or better taste been displayed at a
private marriage. Some time afterwards Selim
Bey proceeded privately to his new residence,

in order to be there to receive his bride.

