vi A WORD TO THE PUBLIC.

and appearing silently to forbid all—competition
was I going to say? but that were impossible !—
the Biddy Fudge spirit will not be kept under;
and not a woman turns her face, Hadji-like, to-
wards the far East that does not fancy she is
bound to add her mite to the general fund of
knowledge or entertainment, to record some im-
pression which may have escaped a mightier mind,
or correct some mistake which may have been
perpetrated by a more careless one. And, con‘
sequently, every fair wanderer who trusts herself
to the Great Oriental at Southampton, or to the
French steamers at Marseilles, for conveyance to
the land of the Pharaohs, would as soon think of
embarking without her sac d6 mait as without a
certain mysterious-looking little clasped volume,
carefully closed with a Bramah lock, of which the
tiny key is appended to her watch-chain, and
whose blank leaves are destined to receive the
“ concentrated essence ” of observations which are
at a later period to be diluted into two or three
respectable-looking octavo volumes.

I speak from experience; for, although I do
not plead guilty to the locked album, and that I
protest to having left home under a solemn vow
and promise to myself, that nothing but the in-
evitable duty of writing family letters should in-

