34 SOIREE.

Unfortunately for me, our two fair Orientals un-
derstood no European tongue, so that our inter-
course was restricted to sundry courteous smiles
and Eastern salutations. Madame Cerutti, how—
ever, who speaks Arabic ﬂuently, told me that
the Armenian lady expressed herself delighted at
hearing that we are to proceed to Cairo by the
same conveyance that is to take her and her
husband there,-—-namely, No. 4.- of the Pasha’s
steamers, which is to leave Alexandria tomorrow
morning. \Vhat pleasure we are to derive from
merely looking at each other I cannot under-
stand. However, I was bound to reciprocate the
civility; and with this compliment we took leave
of our kind entertainers, and returned, lighted
by an Arab fenoos (lantern), to our hotel.

I am devoting the last hours of the night to
giving you this hasty transcript of our proceed-
ings; for some days must necessarily elapse be-
fore I shall again have an opportunity of sending
letters to Europe ; and I am anxious to proﬁt by
this occasion to write a line to one or two other
friends also, who will be anxious to hear of our
advent here. But the waning lamp and my sleepy
eyes warn me to conclude; therefore good night,
and farewell until I reach Cairo.

