MELITA. 9

if I do not make the best of my way back to the
point from whence I started I must surely sink.

Nevertheless, I must own to you that I have
already plunged headlong into another contro-
versy, which is not only a subject of deep and
sacred interest to the Maltese, but one in which
their national amour prepre appears to be closely
involved. I allude to the locality of St. Paul’s
shipwreck, and to how far argument preponde-
rates in favour of the Melita of the Adriatic Sea
over the Melita of the Mediterranean. The Mal-
tese will listen to no argument that does not
point out their own island as the theatre of that
event in the great Apostle’s life; however, there
is a considerable majority against them among
more disinterested disputants; and I confess that
when I was last here I inclined to the Adriatic
side of the question, my opinion being founded
upon St. Paul’s own words (Acts, chap. xxvii, v.
27). But, on my recent passage from Marseilles
to Malta I had an opportunity of overbearing the
question most ably and dispassionately discussed
by an English gentleman employed under govern-
ment in the island; and there appeared to be so
much reason and probability in his view of the
question, that my own preconceived notions have
been greatly staggered by them.

