POLITICAL vmws. 29

energies to the execution of those conceptions
which had previously occupied the attention of
the great men of earlier ages; and where others
had paused to calculate he rushed on to act.
Albuquerque had, more than three centuries
before, perceived that a passage to India could
be effected by means of the Nile and the Red
Sea, which would materially interfere with the
monopoly just acquired by the Portuguese in the

newly discovered passage by the Cape of Good
Hope. To obviate such an interference, and to

preserve that monopoly for his country, he sug-
gested the gigantic project of turning the course
of the Nile into the Red Sea, so as to prevent
the possibility of communication by that river.

The great and wise Leibnitz remonstrated with
Louis the Fourteenth, when that monarch was
about to invade Holland, telling him that it
was hopeless to attack the Dutch in their own
country, protected as they were by their canals
and dykes; but that it was by the occupation of
Egypt that he could injure them, as by that
means he could successfully interfere with their
Indian commerce.

And when Napoleon Buonaparte sailed for the
shores of Egypt, his aim in conquering the land
of the Pharaohs was not to deliver its people

