94 OVERLAND MAILS.

him to take a monrnful pleasure in gathering
together, in the spot destined to receive his own
remains, the mortal relics of all who belong to
him—even those who have died at a great dis-
tance, in order that together they may resolve

themselves to dust, and together await the resur-
rection,
"31‘ 'X‘ ‘3!- 9}:- -X‘

You can imagine nothing to equal the bustle
and noise of Cairo during the two last days;
at no time a very quiet place, it was absolutely
hurried into hysterics the day before yesterday
by the arrival of the two overland mails, one
going out to India, the other coming from it, and
both depositing for a few hours their respective
live cargos in the old city of the Caliphs. The
confusion this incursion occasions cannot be de-
scribed, in a place like this, possessing only two
European hotels, which are generally tolerably
well ﬁlled with other travellers, and the propri-
etors of which are not over inclined to put them-
selves much out of the way for mere birds of
passage like the Indian passengers, who are not
allowed to make any delay at Cairo beyond the
necessary time for making up the mails. It often
happens that the ﬂoors and staircases of these
two hotels are dotted with mattrasses for the

