Expansion by Irrigation

streams of unusual grandeur during the period of
Abyssinian rains, from the middle of June until
September, are reduced to insigniﬁcance during
the dry months. Then, the water-supply from
Abyssinia having ceased, Egypt is forced to depend
solely upon the equatorial lakes and the aﬂiuents
of the White Nile until the rainy season shall have
again ﬂooded the two great Abyssinian arteries.
That ﬂood occurs about the 20th of June, and the
rush of water pouring down the Blue Nile and the
Atbara into the main channel inundates Egypt, and
is the cause of its magical fertility. Not only is
the inundation the eifect of the Abyssinian rains,
but the deposit of mud that has formed the Delta,
and which is annually precipitated by the rising
waters, is also due to the Abyssinian streams,
chieﬂy to the Atbara, which carries a larger pro—
portion of soil than any other tributary of the
Nile. Therefore to the Atbara,—spanned by an
American-built railroad-bridge, by the way, —above
all other rivers, must the wealth and fertility of
Egypt be attributed. In writing of his Nile ex-
plorations, Baker employed this happy description:
“The equatorial lakes feed Egypt, but the Abyssin—
ian rivers cause the inundation.”

There is a fascination in the unchangeable fea-
tures of the Nile region. There are the Pyramids
and Sphinx that have deﬁed time; the sandy des-
erts through which Moses led his people, and the
watering-places where their ﬂocks were led to
drink. There is no change in these; and the poor
people who dwell in Nubia and Upper Egypt on the

' I 69

