PITHOM. 107»

 

(who prescribes to them) the works, and gives directions
to the masters. (They are rewarded) with wine and all
kinds of good dishes; they perform their service with a
mind full of love for the king 3 they build for Thothmes
III. a holy of holies for (the gods) 5 may it be rewarded
to him through a range of many endless years.’ The ‘
overseer is made to say, ‘ The stick is in my hand, be
not idle.’ Very aptly Dr. Brugsch quotes these two
passages of Scripture: ‘ They did set over them task-
masters (superintendents of works) to afﬂict them with
their burdens ’ (Exod. i. 11); ‘ And the taskmasters
hasted (them), saying, Fulﬁl your works, (your) daily _
tasks ’ (v. r 3). Pharaoh’s retort to the complaint of
the Hebrew overseers, ‘ Ye (are) idle, idle ’ (ver. 17),
is even. more pointedly illustrative of the text of our
picture.

These captives were engaged in two separate labours,
the building of a provision-house, and of a sanctuary.
(Brugsch, ‘ History,’ 2 ed. i., p. 417 foll.) The chief work
here is brick-making and building with bricks. In the
narrative of Exodus, nothing is said of any other
labour: quarrying is, however, mentioned traditionally.

The great bulk of Egyptian building was with brick ;

