4o CITIES 0F EGYPT.

 

Memphites and Heracleopolites, in their obscurity, are
'very uninteresting. Who cares to pierce the darkness ?
Yet they lie between the men who built the greatest
wonders of the world, the Pyramids, which are still the
subjects of the romance of science, and those greater
sovereigns who conquered nature and did a work of
engineering skill, in making the Lake Maris, an en-
terprise ”unrivalled in Egypt. Supposing we had no
history, neither chronicler nor charter, no monuments,
neither cathedral nor castle, between William the Con-
queror and Henry VII.,——how curiously should we look
into the blank abyss, wondering how the people fared,
what kings ruled, what law controlled, what faith pre-
vailed; yet Egypt in this dark time had her kings, her
laws, and her religion. As with us, so with those who
drank the waters of the Nile, the mighty work of progress
moved, and if it seemed arrested, yet again went on the
faster. And were we shown a mound somewhere in the
heart of England, and told that there our lost kings had
their royal seat, should we grudge a few thousand pounds
to restore the pedigree of the nation, to recover the lost
decades of our Livy 1’ Yet Mariette has pointed to
Ahnas-el-Medeeneh, and told us that there we must

