THEBES. 55

 

that was enthroned (“the city of thrones ”) among the
N ile-streams, the waters round about her, whose ram-
part [was] the sea (the Nile), her wall of the sea. Cush
and Mizraim [were] her strength, and [it was] inﬁnite,
Put and Lubim were thy helpers ’ (Nahum iii. 8, 9).
Then follows the piteous narrative of the sack, the
merciless slaughter, and the sale and captivity of even
the great men among the inhabitants (ver. 10). Assur-
ban—habal gives us the same story in the true Assyrian
regal style. He tells how Thebes was treated as a
conquered town, despoiled of gold and silver, of pre-
cious stones and costly stuffs, of horses, of the treasure of
the palace, of a booty which could not be counted, of
men and women, of works of the sculptor, all of which
were carried to Nineveh. This was in about B.C. 666 or
665. Before the century had closed, the same fate befel
Nineveh herself.

From this great blow Thebes never recovered : suc-
ceeding kings endeavoured to repair her shattered edi-
ﬁces, but Cambyses, the Persian conqueror, repeated the
vengeance of the Assyrian, and despite the care of the
earlier Greek kings, Thebes had the misfortune to be
twice the centre of revolt against the Ptolemies. At

