162 CITIES 0F EGYPT.

 

whose shrine the ancient Egyptian worship had been in
turn transferred. Thus the Delta still witnesses one ‘
great annual festival, at which under the name of
religion a fair is kept, with the accompaniments of the
heathen meeting to which the pilgrims in the days of
Herodotus resorted. A few go to join in religious ser-
vices in honour of the saint—services, be it remarked,
of a kind which Mohammad disliked for their connection
with monasticism, the wild zikrs of the darweeshes 3 but
the many go to take their pleasure in witnessing the
spectacle of the dancing-girls, who are the true descen-
dants of the old Egyptian dancers, and in all kinds of
reve'lry, such as scandalised Herodotus.

The memory of the lower elements of the Egyptian
religion is nowhere stronger than here at Bubastis. N 0
such idea is suggested by the great necropolis of Mem-
phis, with the symbols of immortality in the vast
Pyramids, and that absence of ﬁgures of the gods in
the ancient tombs around them, which has led those
who cannot read the inscriptions to believe that they are
in the presence of records of a simple faith such as was
that of the few high-souled philosophers of that remote
age. At Thebes, though the temples are full of the

