72 CITIES 0F EG YPT.

 

*—

beforeour Era,and seems tohavebeenthePharaoh of
Joseph. The strong military station of Avaris, probably
farthertotheeastﬂsspoken ofastheroyalresidenoeat
this time. The sculptures of the Shepherds show, how-
ever, the importance at that day of loan, which is
thought, with reason, to have been the civil mpital.

We must pause at the mention of Joseph’s Pharaoh, and
remember that the whole period of the Hebrew sojourn is
closely interwoven with the history of loan. Here ruled
the king in whose name Egypt was governed by the
Hebrew, who was no less than regent ; here ruled those
who still favoured the people of Israel. Under the great
Oppression, Zoan was a royal residence. loan was the
starting-point of the great journey of the deliverance.
Would that those who care for Bible history would
search here for the Egyptian annals of those days !

In the reign of Apepi, the Theban kings, possibly
discontented with Joseph’s strong rule, began to make
head against their foreign overlords. A mighty struggle
ensued; and at length the strangers were forced back on
Asia. Avaris was stormed, and Zoan once more fell into
the hands of the Egyptians. The Shepherds departed,
rulers and ﬁghting men, as many as survived the long

