200 CITIES 0F EGYPT.

 

superstition and magic to an extent which makes us
wonder at the admiration with which many modern
critics regard them. The Church having drawn from
alien sources, no longer sought them as before. The
inﬂuence of these sources was, however, felt long after
they seemed to be dried up. Religion was strongly
coloured by] the deﬁnitions of philosophy, constantly
increasing in precision, and by the introduction of
asceticism. Hence arose the great controversies which
raged in the early Church, and the new and false ideal
of Christian life which we call monastic.

The ﬁrst effect of the translation of the Old Testa-
ment was, as we have seen, to give so much of deﬁnite
form to Hebrew thought as the Greek-speaking Hebrews
were able to accept. The publication of the New
Testament produced the same eﬁ'ect. But as the Chris-
tians studied philosophy and neglected Hebrew, this
Greek tendency became more and more determinate.
The very terms of theology were often philosophic, and
had been the subjects of subtle analysis and keen dis-
cussion. Hence arose those debates which occupied
the time and marred the usefulness of the Church for

nearly ﬁve centuries, and which now we fail to under-

