MIGDOL. r I 3

 

comp. xix. 5). The territory submerged by Lake Men-
zeleh can be seen by the maps laid down on the
authority of classical geographers. In the time of
Strabo, three branches of the Nile, the Mendesian,
Tanitic, and Pelusiac, all ﬂowed into the Mediterranean.
The meres that lay at that time between these channels
have now merged in the one great lake, in whose wide-
spread waters the Nile-streams are lost. These waters
are spread over the ﬁelds, the orchards, and the vine-
yards of whole provinces; while the islets bear the
mounds of long-forgotten cities once on the highroads
of trafﬁc. The roads which the Roman Itinerary of
Antoninus shows connecting Pelusium with Tanis (Zoan) .
and with Daphnae, more to the south, are obliterated in
the morasses. The fertile land through which the
Hebrews passed in their ﬁrst two stages, is now a deso-
lation, uninhabited and untended ; in the season of the
inundation a morass, an extension of Lake Menzeleh
pe0pled alone by countless ﬂocks of wild fowl; for the
rest of the year, a stretch of dry mud, cracked by the
burning heat of the sun, a grey wilderness more dreary
even than the yellow wilderness which bounds it on the
east. For the desert of the third stage of the march is,

I

