104 CITIES 0F EGYPT.

 

from the absence of precise mention of the Hebrews.
This seems at ﬁrst sight very strange. Of the reign of
Ramses 11., now held to be the great oppressor, there
are abundant records; that of his son Menptah, iden-
tiﬁed with the Pharaoh of the Exodus, is less amply
represented. The inscriptions of both taken together,
and of their great ofﬁcers, and the correspondence and
memoranda of the scribes, would ﬁll volumes. But when
we come to look into these documents, we ﬁnd that they
cover a very limited space of the ﬁeld which we call
history. The kings record their conquests and their
donations to the temples; the ofﬁcers deal with their
personal services to the crown, and the posts which they
held 3 the scribes give us ofﬁcial correspondence. There
is no history of the pe0ple of Egypt, or of the strangers
in the land. That which modern history claims as its
most interesting province is here omitted, or told only
by accident, as when some detail of the life of the sub-
jects appears in connection with a command which a
scribe' orders or executes. It is thus that the darkness
clears now and again, and we see the same picture of 0p-
pression whch the Bible portrays, the heavy forced labour

of multitudes toiling in the heat of the furnace of iron.

