SAILING ON THE NILE. 263

in the steep ﬂanks of the Arabian chain, and com-
mand a magniﬁcent view of the valley of the Nile.
These tombs were appropriated entirely to the
military caste, and they differ in aspect and size ;
some being small caves having no sort of interest,
while others are immense halls surrounded by
columns, carved out of the rock, and richly orna-
. mented.

The paintings in these halls are descriptive of
the domestic and agricultural life of the ancient
Egyptians.

We see among them wrestlers practising gym-
nastics; tugging and ﬁghting, thrown down and
again lifted from the ground. We see sculptors
ﬁnishing and painting their statues, and armies
of workmen tranSporting colossi ; hunters hiding
behind trees, on the watch for birds, which are
also seen ﬂying through the air; while there are
still other paintings of wild animals surrounded
in parks, and riddled with arrows.

Then there are the well-known paintings of
country scenes: oxen and donkeys drawing carts;
men digging the earth with pick-axes ; slaves
watering the gardens, or ﬁlling vases from marble
fountains, or working shadoofs exactly like those
used at the present day.

