SAILING ON THE NILE. 195

It was he, also, who built an artesian well in
the desert to facilitate the working of the gold
mines of Gebelstolei, and to whom Egypt was
indebted for a canal connepting the Nile and the
Red Sea. This important work, which was de-
stroyed during a period of barbarism, has recently
been restored through the indomitable persever-
ance and genius of one of our countrymen.

Another remarkable hypogeum, one of the ﬁrst
that we visited, is that of Scsostris, a warrior
with a somewhat legendary fame, to whom even
more glory perhaps has been attributed than was
his due.

Together with the other youth of the court,
Sesostris was thoroughly trained in games and
the arts of war. Immediately after his father’s
death, he took command of a powerful army, and
traversed Ethiopia, Mes0potamia, and Armenia,
at the head of his conquering hosts. He added
. to the conquests of Seti, put down rebellions,
checked invasions, and marked his progress by
erecting monuments and columns.

The story of his life 1s related in the poem of
Pentaour, inscribed upon the walls of the Rames-
sian palace-temple, and recently translated by
M. de Rouge: Among other incidents, one marvel-

