214 SAILING ON THE NILE.

whitc, ﬂickering moonlight glittered over their
polished surfaces, they seemed to be moving: by
some strange, optical illusion, which I cannot
eXplain, it gave them the appearance of being
liquid. These mountainous piles, overthrown and
crumbling for so many ages, seemed still to be
crumbling, still to be falling. I could see the
process of that mighty decay being accomplished
before my very eyes, -— a rain of stones, an inex-
haustible cataract of rocks, falling, falling, for
ever falling, — and all around the silence of
death. It was a vision of the creation of ruins. ,

With the earliest glimmering of the dawn, I left
the great hall, and returned to the pylon where
we had stopped in the night, so as to explore this
wilderness of ruins with some degree of method.
The little temple of Kons was the ﬁrst that I
visited ; and there I was joined by our friends and
the consular agent of Prussia, who, like an honest
man as he was, produced some bottles of cham-
pagne, — a recollection of our country which was
not to be disdained, even among the ruins of
Karnak. .

After this we went to examine the ﬁrst pylon
of the great temple, — a massive, double pyramid,
with an entrance which seems intended for giants

