88 SAILING ON THE NILE.

departing, &c. Meanwhile, in a hastily erected
tent, some ofﬁcers were issuing orders.

I had'scarcely got aboard the dahabiehpwhen I
was closely followed by a police agent, who came
to inquire whether we were pr0posing to go down
the Nile. He informed us that a revolution had
just broken out at G11 geh and that the most
active measures were being taken to suppress it.
The pacha of Keneh, at the head of three thou-
sand men, had started promptly for the scene of
action; and the Viceroy had sent several regiments
from Cairo. It was impossible to know as yet
what dimensions the revolt would assume, but the
policeman reiterated that we must not think of
'going down the Nile. We might, however, go on
to the south without danger.

At this moment Micaeli joined in the discus-
sion: in the most lugubrious tone he stated that
he had already heard the news in the city, but
had not dared tell us about it.

We did not know what to think, and could talk
of nothing but the revolution, since there had
really been a revolution, while waiting impa-
tiently to hear what the vice-consul would have
to say on the subject. He arrived at about six
o’clock with the great canary bird, the magniﬁcent

