192 - SAILING 0N TI—IE NILE.

Moluk. No living being is to be seen, and no
trace of vegetation; no sound is heard, save at
night when the hyenas interrupt the death-like
silence with their howls. Stricken with sun-
stroke, Nature lies in a hOpeless, unutterable
stupor.

White, glaring, ghastly, is this torrid valley:
all shades of color being destroyed by the inten-
sity of the light, nothing is left but this one dead,
uniform hue. So a fearful “conﬂagration sweeps
over greenﬁelds gay with ﬂowers, and leaves be-
hind it nothing but a pallid bed of ashes. There
is no shade to rest the weary eye, no glimpse
of the surrounding country to distract the mind.
Even the 'rocks themselves are changed: their
jagged projections, struck by the full force of
the sun’s rays, seem to ﬂatten out and disappear,
—-an effect that I have noticed before in tropical
countries, — as if drowned in this terrible radi-
ance. N o deﬁnite outlines can be distinguished:
every thing seems blurred and indistinct. '

Quivering, vibrating, as over a furnace, the air
is ﬂame: you suffocate, and are seized with- ver-
tigo. The sand, either because of your dizziness,
or the movement of the air, seems itself to move
and undulate; while the Sparkling mica with

