SAILING ON THE NILE. 155

the ﬂower-girt shore, laden with sweet odors.
From the waves, from the sky, from the earth,
some holy inﬂuence seemed to proceed; a mys-
terious, life-giving emanation, which ﬁlled my
whole being with repose, and a sense of holy
calm.

The Spirit of the Night was ﬂoating in the air,
but her veil was not a veil of darkness: through
its glittering folds gleamed a faint exquisite
twilight, like that seen when night and dawn
mingle, — a dark translucence in which the face
of nature was only partially hidden, and which
shed over all things the shadow of a divine
mystery.

Bespangling the heavens, like diamond-dust
profusely scattered over the mighty vault, the
stars of the tr0pics shone with that serene and.
radiant light which must illumine the countenan-
ces of souls in bliss. From the horizon to the
, zenith was all one blaze of glory, a glittering
tangle of sparks of ﬁre: it was absolutely daz-
zling. so' overpowering was this splendor, this
brilliancy of the stars,—keen as the lightning
ﬂashes that we see in our climate leaping from
stormy clouds in the darkness of the night, -.,—-
that the sky looked quite black: this blackness,

