SAILING ON THE NILE. 17

mires grandeur, force, just as ignorance is awed
by what it does not comprehend. To the aristo-
crat there is a strange sort of fascination in the
vulgar herd ; while tyrants and despots, provided
that they show some little originality, exert a
similar dominion over the p0pulace. There is
something ﬂattering to our self-love in the very
superiority that crushes us: the lowest of the
race says to hims‘elf with a certain pride, “ That
was done by a man like myself.” Are you am-
bitious of glory? Would you hear the trumpets of
fame proclaiming your greatness ?— Win battles,
and build pyramids! What does it matter though
millions of human lives are sacriﬁced, though
treasures are accumulated and squandered, to
gratify the vainest of vanities? Prove that you
are a giant ahundred cubits high, and the pe0ple
will forgive you for any thing; for they respect
the most what costs them the most, and do not
comprehend even glory unless it has an iron arm
and a bloody hand. What does history teach?
Posterity forgets and despises the peaceful, genial
virtues: it reserves all its crowns, all its ap-
plause, for pride and egotism, when displayed on
a gigantic scale. The pe0ple soon grow weary of
hearing about the justice of Aristides: they will

2

