36 SAILING ON THE NILE.

of modern times: it represents progress, specula-
tion, haste, confusion.

The old system of navigation, the spirit of the
past,—these survive in the sailing vessel: that
adventurous, free, h0peful spirit, which never
ceases to believe in adventures, to love novelty
and trust the future.

Man is the God of the steamboat: it depends
upon him for its every movement. The sailing
vessel relies upon its good genius, that mysteri-
ous and invisible force which comes from on
high.

When the wind is adverse, the sailors draw the
boat by a rope: this is called tracking, and is
very hard work; but they keep up their courage
with their songs and shouts. These delays on-
able us to ramble on shore and go hunting, — a
sport in which we can indulge Without being
afraid either of gendarmes or rural police. The
fellahs, of course, look at us with great curiosity,
and seem to feel the deepest reSpect both for our
persons and our guns... When we speak to them,
they lay the hand upon mouth, forehead, and
heart, —— the graceful Arab salutation. Some-
times we try and ﬁnd out where the best hunting
ground is; and then the variety and impressive-

