268 SAILING ON THE NILE.

few barbarians, when so many are in like misery,
when all the fellahs are most abject and unfortu-
nate slaves? One would really suppose that the
days of Sesostris and the Pharaohs had returned.
It seems to me that the modern despotism is quite
as cruel and unjust as the ancient ; nor can I un-
derstand how any one, unless he is completely
dazzled by the blandishments of the Pacha, can
watch the operations of this government without
being on ﬁre with indignation.

I have told you about the poverty and wretch-
edness of these poor fellahs: I have described to
you the mud hovels in which they Spend their
lives, no doubt to your amazement. Is it not in-
deed wonderful that this should be the condition
of the people in a country like Egypt, —— a coun-
try that is the Spoiled child of Nature, which can
boast of the most matchless climate, and where
the harvests are certain and luxuriant, — where
the government has it in its own power to secure
the fertility of the soil '?

“ The administration,” says Napoleon, “cannot
make the rain which falls at Beauce or in Brie
more or less; but in Egypt the government can
exert a direct inﬂuence upon the extent of the
inundation which takes the place of rain.”

