‘256 SAILING ON THE NILE.

civilization and art revived, and started anew in
a splendid career. .

The formidable invasion of the shepherd kings
checked this new deveIOpment, and the brilliant
renaissance of the twelfth dynasty was succeeded
by a second decadence. The art of this era has
perished almost entirely: only a few fragments
have come down to us,—-—the obelisks of HeliOp-
olis and the colossi recently discovered by M.
Mariotte. The furious conquerors, however, who
ruthlessly destroyed the most magniﬁcent monu-
ments, who overthrew temples and palaces, Spared
at least the tombs of the people they had van-
quished; and it is from the paintings and sculp-
tures of these tombs, especially the precious
specimens found in the grottoes of Beni-Hassan,
that we have obtained our knowledge of the con-
dition of art during the second ﬂourishing epoch
of the old empire.

The most striking feature in Egyptian art is
the calculated rigidity of all the ﬁgures, the
uniformity of their poses and similarity of their
gestures. Moreover, we cannot fail to be im-
pressed by the fact that the formality, the con-
ventional idea of symmetry to which nature and
grace are sacriﬁced, has a charm of its own, and
is not inconsistent with majesty and expression.

