SAILING ON THE NILE. 275

word bucksheesh I Have these too indulgent advo-
cates of the Oriental government visited Egypt,
perhaps, and been received by the Pacha with
ﬂattering and overwhelming cordiality? Have
festivals been given in their honor? have they
found steamboats loaded with provisions ready
for them at every port? and guides, donkeys, and
couriers awaiting their command at every station?
has the whole country seemed thrown into com-
motion to render them service? Proud of the
distinction with which they have been treated,
these travellers, on returning to France, never
grow weary of eulogizing the magniﬁcent hospi-
tality of the Viceroy. But have they ever thought
how little this generosity cost the prince? and
what a heavy burden it must have cast ' upon the
fellahs ? Have they ever reﬂected that the Vice-
roy was laughing at them in his sleeve, and con-
gratulating himself upon the ease with which he
had bridled the tongue of one by whom he might
have been injured?

It 1s the duty of the traveller, as well as that
of the historian, to be sincere , and Frenchmen,
it seems to me, have something better to do than
to chant the praises of Mahomet, or reprint edi-
torials for Ishmael Pacha. Who can see Egypt

