54 SAILING ON THE NILE.

we listen to their counsel, we feel what their wish
would be, we yield to their inﬂuence; and in this
silent converse, this mysterious communion of
souls, we seem to become better, —we feel an
inexpressible joy that has p0wer to stench our
tears. Then it is that we regret, that we h0pe,_
that we dream, that we love; then it is that we
live with those who are ever in our thoughts,
though their names do not pass our lips.

The vision vanishes; but the emotions, the
dreams, the ﬂeeting throng of idle delusions in
which we have indulged, leave lingering behind
them a feeling of content, of well-being, which we
are able to recall, and can still enjoy many years
later. _ The places, too, where we are surprised
by such reveries, make a singularly vivid impres-
sion upon the mind. I can still see the trees that
cast their shadows over me on that day, the birds
that ﬂuttered skimming through the air. Here
was a green herb, here a bed of sand, and yonder a
bush from which some little c0pper-colored beetles
were crawling. I can still see two little girls
who were ﬁlling a basket at the foot of a palm—
tree. As I approached, they ﬂed terriﬁed, upset-
ting their booty in their haste, and abandoning it.

Seating myself upon a fallen palm-tree prone

