SAILING ON THE 'NILE. 165

iature palms, twisted and interwoven, form an
emerald crown about the trunk of the parent tree,
which waves gracefully high in the air, or bends
its branches over them in sign of protection and
love. It is quite a delightful family circle of
trees.

The dom-palm cannot boast of the slender,
uniform trunk, so column-like and majestic, which
is so much admired in the date. On the contrary,
the rough, rugged trunk, forking at about half its
height, grows in two branches, knotty and twisted
as the trunk itself. Dividing in their turn, these
branches shoot out various short, stumpy boughs,
upon the ends of which grow huge' bunches of
long, stiff, fan-shaped leaves. The fruit is like a
small cocoa-nut; and the natives, by making a
skilful incision near the root, obtain a liquid
which they prize very highly.

The dom has neither the languishing, drOOping
grace, nor the aristocratic elegance of the palm :
the foliage, as well as the bark of the trunk, is
darker; and it is in every way hardier and more
rugged. It is a tree of the desert armed to the
very teeth, like the cactus among plants ; or, if
one may be permitted to compare a tree to an ani-
mal, like the porcupine among animals. It is not

