76 SAILING ON THE NILE.

mosque, under a large tree. Our guides‘ led us
through an actual labyrinth of streets to a house
of quite ﬁne appearance, embellished with a gilded
coat-of-arms.

Our entrance seemed to make quite a sensation.
Some young boys, clerks or other subordinates;
two or three stately-looking old gentlemen, with
venerable beards; and some cavasses, with painted
eyes and terrible mustachios,-— started up, and
falling into position saluted us. Soon a secretary
came forward, and Opening a side door conducted
us to our host, a distinguished Oopt, the consular
agent of France, and wealthiest merchant in the
city. We found him dressed with great elegance,
and seated upon a silken divan, in a small but hand-
some room, lighted by two ﬂickering lamps sus-
pended by chains from the vaulted ceiling. The
agent was really a distinguished-looking man,
thin, with a high, bald forehead, a long, hooked
nose, an intelligent eye, and a smile that might
almost be called sarcastic. His eXpression was
digniﬁed ; and he had even a certain look of
severity, which was perhaps due to his black tur-
ban. After glancing through our letters, and
greeting us with the usual compliments, he clapped
his hands in the Oriental style, and gave rapid

