138 SAILING ON THE NILE.

phus, and completed by Ptolemeus Evergets; or
many other curious facts, interesting and possi-
bly true, but unfortunately which I no longer
remember. The charm of this book was that it
promised to reveal to me the secret lore of hiero-
glyphics and ciphers, in which there is always a
fascination. '

In my enthusiasm, I even attacked the famous
inscription of Rosette, of which there is a, copy at
Philae. But this did not last long: I came to the
conclusion that I had better leave science to the
savants, and depositing my book by the side ‘of
the famous inscription I'went back to the granite
» rock. _

Forgetting all about hieroglyphics and ciphers,
I seated myself in silence upon this giant cliﬂ'
overlooking the fairy island, and sank into a
reverie: musingly I thought of this wonderful
southern land, with its transcendent beauty of
nature, its wonderful history, with its sun as
glorious to-day as in the earliest antiquity. Gaz-
ing far away as the eye could reach, far into the
dreamy distance, I contemplated the wonderful
landscape.

Darkly outlined against the southern horizon“
arose the Nubian mountains. The Nile was blue

